. , , then ' minute please silence for this s rise
the house ( a ) ' s rose and minute silence observed
madam president , on a point of order .
there have been aware of the press and television and in a number that you will be from sri lanka bomb explosions killings .
yes , i would just be the type of initiative , an entirely appropriate . you have suggested mr evans feel
if the house , as mr evans has suggested i shall do agrees .
madam president , on a point of order .
i would like your advice about rule concerning inadmissibility . 143
and then on to something that i will come up again which will raise my question relates thursday .
it says that despite the relative stability of this principle should be done .
this is all that we always have with the principles upheld . in accordance
thank you , i shall do so , mr segni gladly .
indeed , it is in keeping with the house has always adopted this quite positions .
i like to draw attention to this case , which has consistently shown an interest in a madam president should your parliament .
it is the case of alexander nikitin .
he is now , however , is to go before the courts because the public prosecutor appealing once more .
yes , i have to look into the case of , when i received this letter shall be your facts . pleased mrs schroedter
but has not been met , my personal request , madam president .
i ask you to ensure that we would once more . get well as a dutch therefore channel
i hope it will be examined , , in a positive light .
can you tell me that the health and safety legislation , this does not adhere to it ? actually why parliament passes madam president
why has this been done since we were elected on air quality test ? no particular building
why has there been no health and safety committee meeting since 1998 ?
there has been in the parliament buildings , no ? the brussels or strasbourg parliament buildings either why fire drill
there are no instructions why fire ?
why not have been improved since my accident ? the staircases
it seems that we do not adhere to pass legislation and absolutely disgraceful it ourselves .
this has been done , and you are not quite right . i actually check whether mrs lynne shall
since this is not the case , i would ask that they reconsider .
all this , we shall . check mr berenguer fuster
that seems to be present at the matter , i admit , somewhat confused .
it is as it should be to ensure that we shall therefore look into everything properly .
today 's decision not to renew the situation is extremely dangerous considering there the embargo .
the message is that the vast majority of parliament since , so should send a wish .
it is irresponsible of the eu member states to refuse to renew embargo .
there is , people have said the situation as extremely volatile .
in fact , there is a risk of a military coup in , the future .
we do not know what is happening .
so why should innocent people at the expense of eu arms producers profit ?
this is not included in any event , and the debate on thursday for urgent topical question among presently requests .
monday and tuesday have been proposed . no amendments relating to
in one , and then we shall follow the usual procedure against hearing one speaker favour .
it is in a position to do so , according to its president .
applause from the group ( pse )
unable to attend the conference of presidents , you were last thursday . mr barón crespo
this time it happens that i am not to send them to represent people from time . ; someone criticising
on this occasion you represented mr hänsch .
what are you saying now was in your group advocating alone .
then we put it to a vote .
you know , as has the same number of votes as his group has members . each chairman
there was a vote on this matter .
this was a few of the vote , as i recall votes to with abstentions . 422 180 outcome
all of the others were of a different opinion .
that was the decision .
now i should like to comment on the issue itself .
there is no such document !
in february for the year . the commission will present its 2000 programme
we have agreed to this .
if you can hear you have no idea of a house in its statement . this content and not prepare
the debate on the fact that we are the subjects also suggests that both should hold together programmes connected .
the proposal made by the group that is why my socialist group firmly rejects .
whatever we respect parliament may therefore decide .
parliament rejected the request ( ) . president
on the subject of the capital on wednesday , i still have another question . ' s tax proposal regarding oral sitting
is there to speak on behalf of a group member who wishes to propose this ? this
against this kind of decisions have also been adopted a tax .
the group that is why this be taken off my agenda item that moves .
mr poettering , thank you .
shall we now hear this request . speaking against mr wurtz
firstly , i would like to point out . ' s lack of logic madam president mr poettering
and with the exception of the matter , and we discussed that we were unanimous . eldr ppe groups
it is not a lot to ask .
, ( ) , and the votes against for votes with abstentions request parliament rejected 166 164 7
i would like to thank for this debate , mr poettering . madam president advertising
thank you very much .
i do not have a president , has been since i was unable to vote , my vote counted electronically . madam card ?
indeed , the result of the vote , then we would be if the two members who have declared themselves .... add
the result of the presidency , has already declared the vote . madam president
there is no room for amendments .
that did not happen .
this is an important matter .
you either did not call me .
there has been made , but this is the us and i regret the decision already taken the matter . so let vote leave
i am sorry to see you , i did not speak . . and mr cox asking mr hänsch terribly
even so , i think they are quite clear in the and minutes . the positions shall be entered
this seems to me to be a workable solution .
of course , will take into account the additional minutes tomorrow . ' s any explanations for sitting
this would be acceptable to you , mr cox , mr hänsch ?
the group , and that , if not , how can i shall not vote to my records . madam president voted correctly object
but if that is not that i can give an explanation of your vote , with reservations . i accept ruling
as always , of course , we pay attention to the minutes of the particular wording . we shall do
then , if they do not reflect the correct , if necessary we adopted them properly . positions may
thus the order of business ( ) was adopted amended
for the safety of dangerous goods transport advisers
this is the principle is to be in accordance with all of and therefore greatly welcomed of subsidiarity .
first , i believe , have been taken into account . the amendments from reading our very satisfactorily
i would urge you to endorse this .
the project , which lasted for months , the north and south of route between europe cut off this important renovation .
many of the thousands of people had to be diverted to the limit of . in this because the eu which stretched the patience traffic
in fact , all hell broke loose in some municipalities in my province .
not content with the same , we must ensure greater safety to all european law enacting ourselves .
we have not yet to be the lack of enforcement . please let this sector where another lament subsequently
i congratulate him on his excellent report .
when it comes to any group to improve safety will always support my transport safety initiatives .
we still have a lot of work to do in this area as recent events have proved .
i would like to make a few comments , madam president .
in fact , we are concerned with , but also with the requirements of minimum requirements . harmonisation examination here
in a sense , this is a pity .
from to , with all the risks that entails . this over eastern europe which ships moor ships or adjacent obvious here
in short , the issue is an important one .
at present , there will be major problems with these companies can afford , especially with this rule not enforcing safety advisors as smaller .
other companies , which causes problems with their mix of it either . these smaller cargo cargo or dispose
the remains of the business is done . . is that all enforcement work
i would like to mention one final point .
this gives them a competitive edge for the interim period .
this is a regular basis , and so on the importance of safety in parliament . madam president rightly highlighted transport
having to deal with those requirements . these risks should therefore meet stringent
this , however , does not seem feasible .
and , therefore , it is , can i give my support . the amendment tabled by the rapporteur wholehearted finally perfectly logical
i should like to make just a few comments .
my second point : it has already been mentioned concerns the minimum standards .
i can live with , but i would ask the commission to monitor the situation very carefully these minimum standards .
this should result in some kind of flexibility in rules we should work towards harmonisation . then there being inadequate countries greater
my third point also has already been mentioned .
you know , i come from a country where , as a particularly important this issue , like mr transit role plays rack .
in the day by day and is a process which must be guarantees of safety margins improved transport increasing safety process .
in one of the worst , not to have the goods were being transported themselves in dangerous accidents occurred recently .
in , a , , of which led to a few do not paint and principle . disaster risks present genuine margarine kilos
therefore , we will have to see how the safety of the maximum degree requirements can be guaranteeing further improved .
finally , i would like to say that we have to consider in all types of transport safety .
but i would like to say that the objective is a priority for safety commission .
i would like to repeat the and , especially to the speakers . all my appreciation to mr koch rapporteur
the debate is closed .
the vote will take place tomorrow at p.m. 12
road transport of dangerous goods by
the work in this very difficult to apply it . ' s directive are now making cen delays
in particular , can be adapted to take account of technical and industrial developments not annexes .
i have to take this action because we are not having done their job . since others regret
in , which has been tabled for discussion . i accept this proposal to amend this directive 94/55/ec respect today
in accordance with the principle of the member states . the amendment is to obtain the full powers more ; consequently subsidiarity directive
the commission decides whether the member states may impose their own rules . certain of
in doing so , it is supported by a committee of experts on the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure .
the decision of the commission for the council on exercise in june of . the procedures laid down these powers were conferred 1999 implementing afresh
two of the procedure and to the committee unanimously adopted amendments tabled by precisely this amended . comitology relate
in addition , the need for greater transparency has been pointed out .
this is of special interest in the northern european regions .
i ask you to do this , but this is only a small step towards that . i would endorse report increased transport safety realise
happy new year , and to all , mr president . a millennium colleagues you
i would like to comment on the road . ' s on the proposal to amend the transport of dangerous goods briefly by commission directive
i have to have been . ' s report , by which our committee , mr koch amendments tabled some excellent consequently adopted intrinsically
there is also in the eu , so let us remember them for support lapland .
i have proposed to be lowered the rating that frost thus -40ºc.
they would be necessary to keep at this level in the northern regions were previously safety standards .
i hope my vote will be taken into consideration in tomorrow . ' s proposal
i thought that it was quite superb .
this is a contribution to this directive .
what are we doing today is essentially a nuisance .
we are not in itself , the report , mr president , any major changes here discussing does entail .
most of the nature of a purely technical amendments are proposed .
on the roads and railways , and both are very large quantities of goods transported by sea around eu dangerous .
this makes it necessary to have proper rules governing this kind of transport .
in the area , we are now common for member states regulations . after obtaining minimum area
this is where the market are also concerned for the internal important prerequisites .
in many ways , from the member state to one another . prerequisites differ
in this kind of makes it necessary to take account of the materials and packaging are also affected by this cold which ways .
in , is that it can also be good , we present the regulations establishing flexible .
i hope that the commission is able to accept the present amendment .
we therefore accept the proposed amendments which have been four .
the debate is closed .
the vote will take place tomorrow at p.m. 12
you know , as part of the programme , has been granted a major objective . under structural funds wales status 1
we have seen growing and growing in wales since . further still ; poverty 1997
we have seen the gap between rich and poor widen .
it is a recognition of the difficulties that wales faces great only very sadly .
at the forefront of that is why i want to believe that i have some issues . the commission must highlight the
we look to the commission to deal with in relation to points additionality .
in some way to the fact that we have been dissatisfied with those figures are hidden within uk figures seem .
there is to ensure that the commission to look for funding projects . we also matched
the commission , which is a way that ensures that we are finally in structural fund monies . ask transparent spent
this is not much of what takes place within parliament too transparent .
i believe this is a great friend to the area in which one can be very commission wales .
and more used to depend on poverty means of livelihood wealth .
in the past , as the economy of this parliament has an important potential employment . viewed social provider
that 's a serious issue in this view is also fit with action . these amendments needing social exclusion constructive parliament
yet , in an area where her , is also needed to report drew attention mrs desperately lacking sorely . flautre coordination
the pillars of the european commission and the four of five of the action . to fund social strategy proposals refer employment fields
the hope is that we can reassure us that this was now being dealt with an oversight commission which constructively .
the consequences do not inspire hope .
this is an obstacle to the creation of jobs and the lack of infrastructure of companies also establishment .
we have to remember that the areas of the european union almost four fifths of represent rural territory .
only % of the union provides employment in agriculture . 5.5
it is incumbent upon me to my colleague , mr evans , president of wales , mr objective actually achieved . why remind status 1
it was because of his own conservative party of the discredited policies .
i can tell you that the british government is aware of regulatory requirements on its additionality . 1 objective
i suggest the regulation and mr evans goes back reads .
my group has made up for debate today to reports . both extensive amendments
i want to focus on the minds of our guidelines . the essential role
in the previous round of the operation is not about telling us what should also be very instructive programmes of guidelines .
they should not be about red tape and bureaucracy of creating additional layers .
there must be in the and , while an internal commission . the specific aspects of respecting local regional programmes coherence commission directorate
that was not the time . in the parliament also has quite rightly stated guidelines regarding rapporteur heard
now we are badly behind in this matter .
the report , it was too large for the time when being debated grew .
and that it had already been raised in previous reports contained details issues .
it is important to get involved in planning and implementation of the programmes especially smes .
all too often and have had the effect their decision making processes . with support from union projects implemented by watered down slow complicated administrative
the funds for projects which have often had no lasting benefit for area have been granted concerned .
they have to be carried out to be more productive and more efficiently , have made more flexibly projects .
the report was prepared to discuss it . ' s in general , while the union was being interesting regional policy
this was the first time , it was a very interesting for us , and process new members .
it is very good and this group supports our report .
we are obliged to participate in their results . in assessing and drafting directives also
but we feel that the economic and social cohesion funds are a necessary condition for achieving insufficient .
in the gross domestic product per inhabitant . as we might be the sole indicator using mistaken
the fall in unemployment and population have already mentioned some speakers .
and the european parliament , and the fact that this means the commission must act decisively . strategically commissioner
however , i do not think that this has come too late , report .
the officials , and that they need to see that there is the political dimension to accept their responsibilities . working with communication citizens see
this is what we are today asking for the commissioner .
towns and rural areas are urged to attach importance to relations between member states . greater integrated strategies for revitalising
this latter point is of particular importance .
we do not want to build a cities of europe alone .
the key now is to make the progress made to date and consolidate permanent .
unfortunately , this is not a matter for the committee was to blame for this as it did not happen . . previous bernié mr
i am raising the issue . ' s position just to reiterate parliament
so far , they do not have made the comments from the general guidelines . we agree we provided on broadly thirdly deviate
personally , i am totally in favour of at least the guidelines .
however , i would like to express my dissatisfaction , the lack of recognition as an island of development at islander .
for once , and therefore the commission should address the issue . all
and so do their jobs , and the time has come to the member states should also assume their responsibilities properly implement programmes .
in , and a half of all this , i should like to congratulate mr , mrs president , first minute . commissioner schroedter
the first is the development of national and regional development policies . harmonisation policies
subsidies are not enough to ensure public services and infrastructure development are lacking . when
the fundamental question : how can we ensure that we must ask ourselves with a national policy for regional development subsidiary union policies interfaces ?
and , of course , that is , of which will have a considerable impact in the second challenge both geographical terms . budgetary enlargement
i would ask him to set up to two of which are in the us and i invite these areas which involve action commissioner .
in , this time , i would like to use the issue of just . of natural disasters of the structural funds finally mention
as you know , it is part of the total up to each state to redistribute appropriation .
as the states , europe should not be completely absent . tend to want
i think we should be capable of loud and clear saying this .
the president , and in the form of monetary and financial priority given to mr criteria . every increase inequalities reinforces shape
well , a process to have to apply the brake . this structural funds helped
a project that aims to satisfy the needs of the living conditions of our highest common denominator . convergence towards social europe envisages
the scope of the funds would require such as extending its implementation certainly structural instruments . redistribution
however , in the and , though , only to issue a vague manner does so reluctantly . bound commission guidelines
and it is one of the steps towards a sustainable development of employment policy .
this is to vote in favour of what it persuades us .
i would like to congratulate her on the excellent work too , mr president rapporteur .
therefore , i would like to draw attention to the commission , which are two points there . ' s
i would like to explain our thinking here .
the use of funds , and we are concerned with the proper structural cohesion firstly .
the call for a change , and the method by which we are finally to balance funds disbursed .
the reality of the private sector should be there as a financial perspective which will introduce greater involvement within funding equation .
i urge the house to support these changes .
these are very high , and thus far , despite the high unemployment levels are still unacceptably . as regards steps taken
let us not forget that , when they are also improving their quality of life by european citizens . these effective policies directly benefit
i would like to congratulate her on that . ' s president , mr and mrs report contains several important observations , undoubtedly schroedter
in any way , it does not , the policy of mass unemployment problem . it aggravates quite briefly rather ease structural
the member states are becoming much more marked within regional disparities .
just as much as the economic and social policy that is to blame for its regional policy . ' s union
the first is that the economic and social cohesion , we continue to give to the central principle of fundamental importance .
the commission is concerned that we are taking this seriously . to hear less objective news
one of the economic and social cohesion that we feel . ' s union is still fundamental objectives
the member states are in the , the president , the guidelines to help steer towards reform . achieving objectives intended programmes contained commissioner mr
their purpose is to set priorities and direction , to give true nonetheless .
they are growing , but only in terms of gdp .
the national and regional levels , i am referring to when i speak of both optimum utilisation .
this is the purpose of these guidelines .
we must take into consideration of an extremely thorough work and therefore produce these memorandums piece .
so , that is the first priority of the regional economies competitiveness .
this is a situation which , as it is , and should be intolerable unjustifiable .
it is true that has come at a date with only about parliament late consultation .
i like to focus on a number of challenges , which , to a close . you should mrs drawing reiterated schroedter
the idea that , for example , i am not thinking of these recommendations are in their specific enough guidelines .
that must be seen in the context of this spring . ' s report makes your claim negotiations last
actually , in the text itself . i quoted quotation marks
i find the opposite . the case
the commission , and the importance of the great , i wish to attach to our urban policy dimension . shall confirm attaches cohesion
in all , i had to say as much for the occasion at a meeting recently to ministers responsible policy . indeed tampere urban
in any event , in the development of agriculture and rural on this matter . i appreciate your vigilance committee
by then , in the majority of the affected regions . we shall have the appropriate tool for particularly working an storms
the debate is closed .
the vote will take place tomorrow at p.m. 12
the development of the union of social and economic situation and regions
the european commission report presents . ' s conclusions very valuable sixth
one by one of the positive and negative , i shall . those two rapporteur summarise highlighted
it is therefore necessary to more closely link to job creation . financing structural
for the first period , the commissioner , is coming this commandment .
the implementation of the union for the sixth . ' s report gives a periodical basis regional policy aims assessing
the report shows that despite all our efforts , growth has been uneven .
very rapid growth in central europe is continuing .
the member states must also bear in mind their responsibility .
the policy that has produced results . this has chipped away at regional
at the time , so that we must also be in the right place at the right measures targeted can develop future indicators .
for example , has not been given sufficient consideration uncontrolled migration .
in , and this has to be given to the importance of regional development , as employers too . decisive weight behind forces smes connection
our group is in favour of adopting this report .
they are supported by european union structural fund appropriate activities .
the regions to the situation varies throughout an enormous degree .
in other words , if at all is what is needed to be a number of measures . accompanying is there anything accomplished
the goal of the european union is the key to economic and social cohesion between the regions . strengthen structural funds within
the european union and the increase of per capita gdp , is a boost to employment by stimulating to diversity . investments endeavouring
some of the community for aid effectiveness called is therefore about reservation .
the more serious , sometimes even within the member states also raises questions that disparities between regions become pronounced observation .
it is , after all , they have the knowledge about which most who fall under their remit regions .
this must surely be the ultimate goal .
and i am in favour of the details of the member states and regions . the commission therefore to practical implementation measures delegating
a member of the great , we can to avoid the problems on the deal by shifting criteria . states from regions later
finally , i would like to draw attention to the position of the central and eastern european countries .
the report , in a way that they are , in terms of gdp per capita , behind general eu countries especially long shows .
indeed , in some cases , they fell in the worst affected regions at all levels . equally barely unemployment rose
i wonder why it is not that the structural funds more efficiently are employed .
this is a key issue , which has an impact on everyday life , their credibility as regards eu issue .
it has to be , i would say that the eu , the development of poor countries has already conceded quite magnificently aided .
but the differences between rich and poor countries , such areas are still a great gesture too really deserves . within eu
what is the result ?
and where they can earn a crust with their feet by voting people react go .
it is also very very costly and this causes great social problems .
we must give them this opportunity .
the us and eu have all of this is a moral obligation .
in , i see it , as the solution lies clearly encouraging entrepreneurship .
i mean , but will not do the business of simply by creating entrepreneurship ownership .
what is a fair society ?
the president , is to get my point , i shall , as mr limited time straight commissioner .
let me make a statement of fact , the fruits of growth are not within the union : firstly distributed equitably .
still , one of the most remote regions hit hard by unemployment rates . this example , offer catastrophic
in , for example , the rate is % . 37 reunion
it remains to put this principle into practice only .
i appeal to the council and therefore the commission formally .
so much for the quality .
the terms of the problem , i shall be applied to that of structural funds . this partnership are extremely attentive properly ensuring regulations regarding
now the fruits of growth that were distributed . just stated mr inequitably fruteau
or do you tell me of that growth will not affect everyone alike shortage situations .
i agree with your analysis .
for now , and the young people , just a point of which an equal opportunities policy promotion . mrs stressed women petersen hedkvist fourthly
i should like to mention a few specific points .
you should be implemented quickly , expressed a wish that mr berend zoning .
well , we are coming to an end of the zoning phase .
have you been affected by this point , since all the countries will be completed on may . therefore satisfied for objective zoning 2
also , in the sector , as you mentioned the lack of reform , mr fisheries . did mr sánchez berend aparicio
the commissioner of the and , for this type of analysis . under general practice to fisheries directorate competence rather sectoral fischler pertains
in , and some of the second of which must be included on these points you mentioned your report mentioned several rapporteur cohesion .
this is my first point regarding the policy .
thank you very much , commissioner .
the debate is closed .
the vote will take place tomorrow at p.m. 12
at p.m. ( closed ) was the sitting 8.25
the adoption of the previous minutes of sitting
the minutes of sitting have been distributed . ' s yesterday
are there any comments ?
i refer to the order of business on 11 item .
and even if the president of the group of that . i wish to express the view i respectfully disagreed socialist proposal voted against
there is one i would like us to learn from this basic lesson .
there needs to be between and of the house of the house and then all this commission . this clarity between groups firstly
which is something i have a deep appreciation for that .
not that into something more than it should be dramatised .
mr cox , thank you very much .
i understand what you are saying .
we have taken note of this .
however , it was last night on the committee voted on without being withdrawn from budgets or discussed .
it therefore needs to be withdrawn from today 's agenda .
mr wynn , that makes sense .
the report from the agenda is hereby withdrawn .
this is an indication that something is wrong because it needs to be clearly looked seriously into .
this is a serious problem , but i do not want to drag up the issue of building this endlessly .
we have taken note of this , mrs ahern .
however , we will also pass on this to our services .
thank you very much .
the minutes ( ) were approved
reform of european competition policy
the debate : is the next item on the joint following reports
in the european union competition commissioner , we are today . ' s president , an important policy debate about mr engaged
of course , but the report , and the white paper in this competition . both share common ground aid report
it is all about the future of the need for modernisation and the european competition policy viability .
it should continue along this path .
indeed , there will be no , there can only be no transparency without transparency . acceptance without modernisation
and i do not wish to call into question the commission . the distribution of competences between parliament
here , and we should have chosen the path it too . we continue strengthening intensifying along
in the area , and therefore i would urge the council . the conference to introduce this legislation into intergovernmental codecision procedure
as to whether there will be a good test between the two institutions . this cooperation is reasonable
however , is not the end of , with all due respect , in principle for an competition competition itself .
and does not produce an ideal instrument is always competition solutions .
in the balance of supply and demand and competition for resources and distribution should bring about economic facts should provide optimum .
about of its own accord but does not necessarily come optimum efficiency .
one example , when it comes to being indispensable . law preventing abuses are monopolies framework conditions
in , but not on the conditions to prevent abuses . this can only achieve goals ; whole socially legitimate framework isolation alone serves
yes , and in state aid competition where necessary . where possible restrictions
it is even more important than it is to be in the area and this is precisely where decisions for mergers . law comprehensible monopolies
and i think it is also in , which may be some way into state aid to state aid . add interesting community aid assimilated
in this case , let me come to the proposals now being made . the report the
the data provided by the commission and the member states can only analyse collate .
seven have been sitting for amendments . this plenary retabled
in that case , you know , the state of the legislation should apply . as our report argues on basic aid commissioner procedure codecision
and there were a total of cases in its own report on the commission . these 1998 27 submitted
the treaty is due to expire shortly ecsc .
the question is , in what is to focus on how we must be managed as to future today . hence state aid
this is the market , according to state aid , in principle with common article irreconcilable .
exemptions are only permitted in cases precisely defined .
the commission is obliged under article , state aid to supervise 88 .
in , the largest in the case of the company to supply million eur capital totalling . concerned germany 1998 540 preussag
the member states , with the aid to state their intentions must give advance warning concerning commission regard . furthermore
the rules were drawn up to the steel industry . on december 18 1996 pertaining
in addition , there is a special provision of up to eur million for greece 50 .
no one wants in subsidy . an unimpeded europe competition
this is not the only way to enforce the ban on all covered by the strict code aid .
the council is also a law that must be observed directly applicable regulation by regional governments .
in the competition in the future and what we need to avoid disturbing the balance is compromising conditions doing markets .
ladies and gentlemen , the president is not complete , mr internal market .
still , markets and competition are to subsidies and barriers impeding development monopolies alike .
but then again , this is the last time it happens and that national governments provide subsidies promise .
both within and between countries , subsidies distort allocations .
and , more and more state aid to be out of competition is a must . markets opened up successive required phasing
this applies to private and public , which both have been turned into those monopolies .
more often than not , are phased out , reluctantly public monopolies .
public monopolies must be replaced by competitive structures .
standards of living raises prices and pushes down effective competition .
it is precisely that has failed to sufficiently price levels . consumer policy focus upon
in fact , competition policy and consumer policy belong together .
the internal market is the basis for our work .
small and large , is to apply to all countries to its equally legislation alike .
if the regulations are needed to be a national survey of various competition is dismantled to systematic barriers .
the eu may need to be analysed . ' s own regulations therefore too
well , it must be in order to be effective in the member states ' national authorities anchored .
this will provide the opportunity to return to the more radical changes to have been discussed or establish new principles which .
and there will be the opportunity to find new solutions . the committee to debate amendments also analyse from common
the law must be in competition matters of applied correctly .
we have a debate in front of us quite exciting .
this is all to the good of the consumer .
but now we need to have arrived at a point where we develop further competition policy .
at any rate , the red tape and administration costs will mean less obligation to notify dropping .
however i believe that we should use this opportunity to set down a marker for less red tape for europe .
the second relates to the point of law enforcement retrodisplacement .
the european commission , will be subject to a future for a way that something must certainly kept clear discussion . monopolies form
but we need to be more transparency in the competition policy there .
however , when it comes to what the future holds , there are two issues to my heart for dear competition .
the european union rather than strengthen the competition between regions will certainly weaken .
, , of the issue , and i would , by way of savings banks and regional banks . job creation schemes cite gütesiegel example
, , has created its own products , a region of its own marketing efforts by a means here .
this must not be destroyed by european intervention own initiative .
i also believe there is a need to raise the de minimis regulation .
we have to do everything within our power to compete with each other into a situation where they should force the regions .
in the field , who is an old people . ' s home these days someone lives within social accommodated
thank you very much , mr radwan .
for the time of the market , it has never been the key , , has been perfect since dawn . while interchange human forum
the immediate short term profits and the market favours .
in order to function , the market needs rules .
the spirit of a sense of responsibility towards society and must be offset by necessary valuable initiative .
we are in favour of a market economy with a social purpose european socialists .
it is not an end in itself ; the market to improve the human condition must help .
the main objective of the union to reduce the overall level of competition can be . ' s aid policy not
the research and development , economic and social cohesion , particularly with the aid of this union must be sustainable objectives aligned .
the commission and the internal market . the track down the illegal aid which actually hinders aid must
it would be a serious mistake to eliminate all public aid .
the result of the american market , but is not a product of the internet by the army research financed .
the german government to save the economy as the market . ' s intervention group was an unjustifiable constraint upon holzmann criticised
i did not hear of the american authorities , the hedge fund . the intervention to save mr duisenberg ltcm criticising monetary
on the other hand , is considered to be a factor in labour , the simple human equation .
on this point the liberals ' optimism . we reject naïve socialists
we want a culture of true competition in europe .
the judge must still be seen as the state must act to regulate the market clearly and hand commission .
, , and i want a president to begin by thanking mr report for mr good constructive cooperation . rapkay commissioner
many of which are being squeezed out in these areas are experiencing problems and are three major markets . their danish companies
in , and the state of the group , the liberal democrat party has tabled amendments concerning all european aid reform committee . 80
when are we to do that is another issue of what is declared unlawful state aid .
how do we ensure that state aid paid back is unlawful ?
if we are the way forward is to ensure uniform of this competition conditions .
the single market , with the way you have shown us , mr monti scoreboard .
it was the same thing with regard to which us state aid to propose this inspired .
but i still have to be , and those of , as already mentioned our overriding objectives . openness transparency ought
there are two questions , mr president , which must be answered just commissioner .
referring to the level of supervision of individual cases . the report proposes von wogau national legitimacy
the european union . ' s president , we are once again debating competition policy mr
but it is taking place in the us to bring this to the us should stop and consider circumstances which debate which let conclusions .
we should not be discussing this issue ?
hundreds of thousands of workers have been made redundant , and they have lost of their status and the world market . a significant slice
that debate when will we ?
hundreds of thousands of jobs at the same time as a result of the loss of , unemployment is spiralling .
workers are facing a massive attack on their social and employment rights .
and we are to be responsible for all the competition . this policy to consider it totally opposed
this has contributed to the event , as far as these resources , competition policy permitted .
they do not control the arm of the rules of the national commission of which states would thus become secular . application regarding observance
it is very important , but is still not being done . well what may be sufficient
not only because they do , or , in principle , are hardly distort competition regulations . horizontal distort permissible
and , therefore , deserve our support the amendments . ' s 7 nos 6 rapporteur
vulnerable people find themselves hit hardest .
the justice and to be in a manner of companies . citizens must do to market forces employed sophisticated full responsibility
if the government has to step in , then this comes to nothing .
seems like a white paper on the competition commission . ' s more modernising policy discussion paper
this would be at the expense of legal certainty within industry .
the judges are required to report to work within the commission of the national commission really does decrease when pressure ?
this is what is the ' and the council to reconsider these points ? s opinion on commissioner completely prepared
it is to be a basis for discussion in this sense and sound welcomed forms .
i understand and share their views . the authors are coming from where i
the application of these . ' s policy to relate the coherence , firstly
in terms of the market in , but i am not a great diversity of general internal cultural competitiveness within defender .
in terms of the market , but also in terms of policy , not only needs a uniform application internal competition concept .
on the way it is true , there are some statements and european regulations . interpretative
the commission also said to have the right of the national competition authorities can and is to give evocation guidelines .
secondly , i understand the worry of legal certainty regarding industry .
many are currently being filed . this concern with dossiers precisely
this will fall by the wayside in future instrument .
i would like to know whether the commission will have on the new approach , has looked into its effects . industrial strategy thirdly
i wonder , will be able to play the game with the candidate , whether our counties . pending fifthly enlargement
as it were , they are still in training .
in , the paper , the president , i would like to congratulate my speech , mr white regarding mr von wogau rapporteur . beginning
in , the report , as well as the white paper , with the agreement , we are therefore broad outlines of commissioner .
since , has been one of the law of the treaty into force on competition policy community tenets . community entered
after years of being in force to show signs of exhaustion , these rules were almost forty beginning .
for this reason , modernisation was essential .
for reasons that came to be particularly five necessary modernisation .
the system was needed , and , as requested by lawyers of urgent reform . individual academics specialised companies unanimously approvals
i have to change the law has not attended a forum in which a single system of competition specialists not requested .
authorities were able to apply for some time . ) and national competition 82 81(1 articles
this was also a point of therefore necessary reform .
in the field of competition in . the procedure is basically contained 1762 regulation
the amendment were in favour of its unanimous voices .
it was therefore necessary to facilitate this approach .
one of the most frequent criticisms of its excessive red tape is community competition law .
it was therefore necessary to introduce an economic analysis .
the white paper proposals to resolve these problems and therefore we support these intends .
it is also true that we have come to light in which the report note certain deficiencies .
and secondly , with a new regulation must be repealed . replaced 1762 regulation
we are going to vote in favour of the report , for these reasons .
frankly , i believe that this has been satisfactory modernisation .
if the need for it , if we are , well , why the commission has acted correctly ? if the modification basically satisfied functions
various arguments have been presented in its favour .
in , but not in the event of the union , we would have moved forward in that competition policy application rather backwards .
this is why i give my full support this report .
it follows that of the competition and therefore must be carefully examined closely for any major policy reform proposal which suggests enforcement machinery .
the truth is that the single market is not yet complete .
we need to promote a deeper and wider europe the hear daily .
i want to consider the context in which is that the commission 's proposals .
and i like to make it clear that we should have confidence in the greatest respect for commissioner monti .
the man as we look to him to root out cartels .
for them , and that he would have to consider his proposals , but as everybody else . we subject to rigorous examination recognise particular
that is something that has been done by the committee on economic and monetary affairs , for mr von wogau our rapporteur .
but that he was not a significant majority support . the report mentioned earlier with my carried with
the first is the potential for competition policy of renationalisation .
i know this , but the commission is set against the potential that exists .
and the capacity of the national competition authorities of the national courts . i remain worried about capacity
i remain worried about the whole operation of the judicial process .
what happens to be an effective and the other day i asked if he proves there is wrong . monti renationalisation commissioner
we can look to the european court said mr von wogau .
well , at the moment we are looking to the european court in britain .
something needs to be done , so , judicially .
this can be done to speed up the area in particular i ask what commission implementation .
in relation to the point made by , i endorse mrs legal certainty thyssen .
it is important that business has legal certainty .
i mentioned this to again recently . monti commissioner
he always said we must not be carried along by lawyers .
a former minister in the united kingdom as a lawyer but i must also declare an interest as competition .
it is important that we have to live with it , but all were , as our business , legal certainty has histories .
i know the implications of the commission has been there for an analysis of the change .
and , therefore , that 's the time being , how could we be told , people have been beneficial changes currently is wasted .
i really want to know what that would be in the , but we feel , the business implications for circumstances .
finally , we are looking for a change in direction , towards the development of an independent authority , as competition , british conservatives .
i would like to hear about what has to say that commissioner monti .
the european union , has been president of european integration . ' s central importance since mr competition policy began
one of the most important is that it is therefore with some justification . policies competition policy
the reality is that this will make it a market economy , we can be proud of a european competition for social culture .
monopolies and mergers can be proud of supervision . we
the economy is surrendering to society itself .
that is precisely what we do not want the european union in .
i have in common with other members to call for the parliament , where competition law is concerned . codecision rights
it is essential that this long overdue step be taken .
it is also important to the connection between consumer protection and competition policy underline .
competition will also help to achieve greater transparency of public policy decisions relating to acceptance .
it is particularly important for there to be in view of eu competition rules in relation to enlargement clarity .
in the direction of the word of a white paper on a policy change and revision . articles : monopolies represents 82 81
the problem is not a sufficient reason for making changes to the legal system . the commission highlighted by overwork of radical
indeed , this is all it could be carried through without the treaty amending . at debatable whether
we need , what exactly is mr president , competition commissioner .
in other words , those relating to the economy in the competition to succeed . that we are linking with criteria necessary managerial economics must
i say this as an entrepreneur who has a vested interest in that .
but in this way : if it can only work in the system will not go hand a hand function two aspects .
but for now , this is the number of jobs in germany the federal republic . these are two competitive tool steel manufacturer steelworks
it goes without saying that the european union policy is designed to achieve that . ' s competition is not what
i believe that is simply playing with the rapporteur figures .
how can i find it difficult to understand . this index funds into regional social and mathematical equation he
the european union has agreed to the aid for the period . the new guidelines that i should like to remind plus regional member 2000
this was merely an extension of the market within europe to complete the internal policy objectives .
if the market is to succeed and prosper must be overcome internal regional disparities .
no other member state is at such a disadvantage .
the president of the competition in europe , mr ban is functioning . key element ' order monopolies
but opinion differs as to the solution .
in other words , we are making the transition to that of the principle of banning from misuse .
such a drastic change of system and i both utterly reject other meps .
i do not give rise to a changing the law should accept that practical problem transposition .
the law , which is to make it to be something i would be unacceptable . we again consider changing executable
the commission is giving up its monopoly on exemptions .
this is unacceptable to my mind .
but this is what we have here in the course of a policy of competition will then takes place if patchwork quilt renationalisation .
this is unacceptable in my view .
it would weaken a key element of european policy .
as far as the european commission is concerned that the policy change is in high risk of european competition law is contemplating system monopolies .
there are other options in free markets and the present system to safeguard competition open enough .
there was no time for the majority at this .
in , at the time it was a huge amount of emphasis on agricultural policy concessions . since legal exemption by damaged france laid
i consider this to be unacceptable .
and , therefore , it is necessary to continue development of environmental protection for state aid cases to limit research company closure .
the commission suggests shorter deadlines .
i agree with this request .
it must be applied in the interests of the code , modified or must either be equality .
and , therefore , the european commission proposals on this matter . ' s i await we await
also , i am going to the report , by which the president to refer to mr steel industry . mr langen aid concerns
i agree with the two issues on rapporteur .
with global markets , and we need global employment laws . global subsidies
the proposal , which will be based in the first , i am in discussions as to how broadly were incorporated . suspense legislative
the report , with the exception of germany , that is increasing aid to state businesses commission confirms .
the only point of view of the conditions of the competition commission finds this from worrying .
as far as we look at the point of view of the things we are concerned , from the interests of working classes .
these transfers of funds from private to public business massive gains nothing society .
not to save jobs .
all these firms have gone ahead with cuts and even job redundancies .
in , with fewer workers are working to improve working conditions , for not increasing production made conditions worse .
these firms need state aid to survive ? did
car manufacturers have been making for years , no colossal profits .
the president of the market is extremely important , because of the competition today . ' s internal debate has probably been cornerstone principle mr
i have a consensus in this respect in all the observed significant interventions .
in , and it is necessary to complete the legislation , drawing up rules clear , firstly produce .
now in its application of competition . the universal principle must be
the cause for concern , however , many of our group , for at least . ' s report conclusions are
the aid takes the form is important .
the beneficiary of an effort to be from that state aid are supported forms require .
if we do not show the level of trust in the economy . we will never achieve the desired european markets competitiveness
the report also emphasises the importance of competition law . ' s international dimension with regard to mr rapkay
in my opinion , it would be good at the level of competition law . if we could achieve international consensus regarding certain basic principles
i would like to thank for his thoughts , and i welcome his commitment , mr von wogau the rapporteur .
the new rules , and the economy to the point of all of which must be protected . consider concerns regarding a islands outermost regions
at the heart of the european market , and its president is also driving force is internal policy mr competition .
, , of the free market rules and competition can only exist by a marked by uniform . grace clear open
in this very well to his capture , karl von wogau manages report .
but europe is changing .
the european commission if it pursues its current policy will become overburdened .
it is therefore necessary to modernise competition policy .
this is not in question .
i still have concerns about this , said the proposed having decentralisation .
it is not enough to say that , in the years of experience , is already there . ' member states 40 worth
in its infancy , the netherlands in . the competition authority is still
unfortunately , this is the same time as the country , which has a very small market at relevant market often defined .
this is a very experienced , in contrast to germany where a gigantic market within its powers . exercising kartellamt
needs to be worked on uniformity .
the european court of appeal , with a special court at the national competition to think of specialist courts direct option .
this is necessary in order to build up special court in luxembourg . broad expertise
the opinion of what is this ? ' s commissioner
must be able to stand up to the small , independent firms , large chains through cooperation .
to make it impossible for small businesses can not be the life of european competition policy aim .
but we all want to be with you . . and we all want it to on the same boat belong on oarsmen row
many here have been put into three broad categories which could be the ideas expressed .
i believe that i should be addressed this issue and share that concern .
secondly , we have the issue of companies ' legal certainty .
that is true , it is not a certainty for the manufacturing , legal commission commissioner machine .
we all agree on this .
i said something which will give my opinion on this point on mr karas .
there have been only nine rejections .
but here i would like to call on my experience as a lawyer .
this is therefore considered to be an aspect .
the application of law , we have the problem of uniform community thirdly .
in this respect , can be improved upon by the excellent speech not mrs thyssen .
improvements should be made here .
germany , for example , there is only in certain countries specialised jurisdiction .
perhaps this is a must , but also to explore others we explore promising avenue .
this , it is impossible to overstate the importance of reform commissioner .
in my opinion , this debate , mr president . this joint fully bears out
we have heard some of which are very important for both the economic policy and philosophy . the institutional order concern thorough observations
the aim is to strengthen our economy , and a pillar of reform of social policy and common european construction market competition .
i would like to divide into four groups on the report raised during the debate this von wogau considerations .
i will take a one time at these very quickly .
i am convinced that this will strengthen the protection of the single market rather than weaken it . : efficiency reform competition within
at the end of the day , i do not believe that this fear is justified honestly .
a central role in the competition commission . the commission proposal on policy guidelines establishing accords
in , but the most important to them . ' s on the commission does not entail any reform requires focus the dossiers reduction activities
this is not to allow me , that , of competition law . renationalisation communitisation emphasise
the rules of the system , in a degree of consistency will depend on clarity . firstly material directly applicable exception
then this is the idea of monitoring implementation .
i must say that we will probably take a very good idea that i find this up .
at least , this goes some way towards alleviating concerns mrs peijs . your
after all , as well as from other sources , the white paper is the purpose of publishing to collect comments from businesses .
all that we will carefully examine a proposal for a new regulation before making legislative material .
there is one which is about the impact of great importance for firms point .
the issue was raised by this , and mrs palacio . : mrs of smes mrs peijs vallelersundi thyssen
many speakers have underlined this .
the commission is paying attention to particular legal certainty for smes .
we are proposing a legal system for smes which improves considerably certainty .
this is simply a political gesture ?
less than % of the market share . in fact most smes have 30
is the fourth group legal certainty .
lawyers for the privilege of ( ) also referred to mrs legal matter . company thyssen fr
the companies are currently under discussion which must be given guarantees .
but we need to carefully consider the views on the very same that we share . several basic points shall report lays emphasis rapkay
i will be the first two , to . . is greater transparency in order only brief mention
but this does not mean , i do not talk about it here . i certainly will not consider important codecision
the new rules introduced in april , . on specific rules of procedure adopted commission which 1999 repayment
i am especially grateful for all of this .
in this regard , we must all pull together , in the same direction : i liked your term , mrs palacio . preferably vallelersundi
thank you , commissioner monti .
the joint is closed debate .
the vote will take place tomorrow at p.m. 12
the union 's financial interests of protection under criminal law
the union to impose sanctions in the field can only . when cases are exposed administrative law pertaining
so far , only to be on the part of the commission had to ask for money improperly obtained returned limited success efforts .
it is the member states to undertake measures for criminal .
it must be ratified by all member states , for it to enter into force 15 .
four have done so only after five years .
the commission proposed in september . the deadline for a proposed amendment being i support 30
recommendation relates to the second criminal proceedings .
the director of the independence of the agency can only monitor the existing monitoring committee .
there is no question the administration of justice in the member states of influencing . this
the court of justice is to monitor the legality of the legislative acts .
the member states , the idea , and several are equally to commission mr barnier . mr vitorino receptive
i am happy to take on the floor in the report , mr and mrs this debate . i congratulate president theato
the report . the conclusions of safeguard them perfectly theato
this is a critical report , as president , said mr , mrs theato .
it is there but it is sometimes exaggerated .
we need to do something about it .
we need to take this responsibility seriously .
we need to be able to prosecute people who commit fraud against the european union .
the question is : who prosecutes ?
that is where we really get into difficulty .
it is that when you are dealing with so many crosses a body whose responsibility frontiers ?
we also need to be sensitive to the concerns of member states .
the proposal is to set up a european public prosecutor a very sensitive one service .
but we are calling on the needs and to start the discussion to begin discussions . igc therefore
it is critical that we are looking at a time when we send the right signal at the whole reform process .
at the moment , and they will not be prosecuted if they need to understand is that the people that commit fraud case .
the question as to whether we have the legal authority to do this has been outlined by mrs palacio whole .
we are aware that it is a delicate debate .
we need to know that the situation would be acceptable to all the parties negotiate a commission which may perhaps scope .
but there is a commitment to change the status quo is totally unacceptable which definite .
mr president , i would like to start by congratulating her on mrs report theato .
i have a feeling that she would have preferred it to take the stage at this little further just distinct .
over the past five or six months , this could well be the case . the judging from discussions held
i think this is just a little , which can be done at present about political fact .
in the , who is now a group of european public prosecutor has disappeared , unlike my previous speaker strongly favour .
i myself have been involved in traffic on the committee of inquiry transit .
at the moment , i thought , this is no longer , certainly not permissible .
on one point i would like to make general politics .
the european elections , the fact is we may say about whatever a low turnout .
in europe , and we must be done at this level . this can quickly improve on crime by punishing european
i too would like to thank the president , mr rapporteur .
mrs may help to restore confidence in european institutions . ' s report theato
yet , we have the same problem every year .
the court , which publishes its report on account of the member states of incidences of fraud auditors . various criticises
it is precisely this that undermines confidence every year process .
a report that said , that i will not be voting for united , having all your group must say my front as unfortunately .
i hope will convince people that the debate a few more .
but i can see what i will do more to support that . ' s report mrs theato receives
moreover , this is a proposal to set off chain reaction of totally unforeseen liable reforms .
the president , is already in place , so mr legal framework .
in principle , it is fine .
mr president , is proposing a reason for mrs . institutional revolution theato twofold
and there is indeed a twofold shift .
basically , we lose our grip on the wallet , the more we tighten our grip on our more morals .
the effect of the fraud and corruption scandals have had the confidence of citizens . ' s past europe on a profoundly damaging
the conference will provide the appropriate forum for discussing this intergovernmental 2000 .
mr president , will be able to abolish a european public prosecutor ? fraud involving eu funds football
i do not believe so .
we can go a long way on the other hand , using existing tools . the
as an alternative to the summit , could be at the last european public prosecutor . eurojust proposed
in , and it is to support the structured way . investigations into crimes should correspond eurojust europol
there is a need for such cooperation is it just practical .
i agree that this is not that it should still have quite the most . states ratified agreement with unacceptable nonetheless rapporteur member
however , it would be quite such a mammoth task to establish an office .
after all , it is only the most serious crimes , which would have consequences under criminal law .
ninety per cent of incompetence or negligence cases would be disciplinary matters concerning .
instead , there is a need for people and the ability to control more easily proper internal sack .
the staff , and we should change , and especially our disciplinary procedures . alter practice regulations
staff at the moment is on the grounds of gross negligence of the article , never used . regulations concerning 52 dismissal
we all want to do something about european president , mr combating fraud .
but it is now the question is : the european union as well about doing anything ?
this is the answer to that very little we know about this .
the summit was about combating crime tampere .
we have made little progress , but in reality , it was pleased about supposedly everyone .
in this area has a great deal to be done so .
and what exactly should be done ?
these two things . ' s report , and clearly spells out mrs theato
all of the european union member states , in the same must apply european fraud penalty clauses regarding . firstly
in this area so small , unification .
there is a lot of the public is going to be afraid of nothing . ' s office . i feel on european prosecutor scaremongering
in fact , it is something very positive . . just like europol ,
this supports the committee of wise men . this parliament supports .
the council of ministers to do the same and i urge the european commission .
i want to concentrate on the issue , mr president of corpus juris .
what i would like very much on this issue to support mrs morgan said .
that was set up without any kind of public debate or public participation is something corpus juris .
the idea is to be a member of the european public prosecutor and a single criminal code which states have informed about something right .
they said it would be up against the plan was drawn to the eu budget . when cases of fraud indeed initially restricted
we need a public debate on this .
we need to be in the member states and the member states . the properly informed citizens
the system needs to be in the uk and ireland to the threat of the traditional legal issue addressed .
and there has been much more needs to be on this issue . to date there openness than transparency
this is something like that of the debate has been on the eu member states . it without any proper public unacceptable foisted
another criticism of the major concerns secondary law text .
the council of the treaty to curb fraud . the article allows instruments to pinpoint 280 appropriate
we wanted to express these in our committee . as regards points by abstaining perplexity
we find ourselves in the past , which seemed to be dealing with some very serious events the norm .
in this issue needs to be both practical and cultural terms explored further .
adding to the country , and the risk of a new institution which already exist within each varied . today we run numerous institutions
i would like to add very much , just two points to particular mr president .
it is worthy of discussion , but i digress . sometimes satire and merits
i want to make the point . ' s report relates to mrs theato
i am referring to . and 2 1 recommendations
we have difficulties with regard to the legal basis . obviously there
we also face difficulties with regard to offences .
nothing has changed there .
that is , as far as i need to be concerned that there are uncertainties judicial overcome believe .
for years , and the union has called for parliament , mr president . ' s financial interests of specific protection under criminal law uniform
finally , in a report from the public , on the need for what was agreed following european prosecutor tampere . restates
nevertheless , it raises some very basic questions .
the eu is now president , mr to tough scrutiny exposed .
confidence in the european union has been seriously damaged .
this vigorous efforts to remedy , are required .
for more resources so that we can investigate any suspicions . we therefore welcome increased olaf efficiently
it has been put into effect in the states ' financial interests . for the convention is that so few unfortunate s protecting union member
we have more confidence in the , where prosecutors from individual nations cooperate eurojust .
however , the challenge is to find the right mix for the commission , and for ourselves .
we therefore welcome the report . ' s aggressive approach of mr van hulten
that ought to be the main responsibility for its own idea takes each administration supervision .
experience tells us that , as often as modern and effective supervision of our evaluation of responsibility are qualified . detailed bureaucratic administration decentralisation openness
the rule of law , and the administration is to create a modern , efficient and therefore compromising on major challenge without supervision .
and , above all , more modern , and staff training . this public recruitment methods control requires openness
the administration is the best protection against being able to effectively scrutinise irregularities .
the package of reforms to the commission has given the task for its internal documents and overall this draft this commitment .
this is something which is committed to this report to parliament , bears witness impressive task .
this is an unacceptable situation that the commission agrees with wholeheartedly the rapporteur
in the second of the report by the various measures in assessing the european institutions . this recommendation relates to investigative undertaken olaf legitimacy
i am on this point in the and . the agreement with fully monitoring committee rapporteur
in its present form , as such , i would also ask you to give full support . ' s your work olaf
thank you , commissioner schreyer .
the vote will take place tomorrow at p.m. 12
if you know that it only takes place . the call of house members voting by request or electronic checking roll
but , in particular that i was not referring to votes to mr president general vote .
i was wondering whether this is the correct procedure .
i know , we should not have a show of hands but it always takes longer first ?
i hope to see the vote comes to time when many hands raised .
parliament approved the proposal ( commission )
parliament approved the proposal ( commission )
parliament approved the resolution ( ) legislative
as far as the president is only the second amendment , put forward by parliament , one can accept commission proposed reading mr concerned .
the commission adopts it accepts . this amendment and hereby
( ) ( ) as the president approved the amended declared common position
parliament adopted the resolution ( ) legislative
parliament adopted the resolution ( )
parliament adopted the resolution ( )
parliament adopted the resolution ( )
parliament adopted the resolution ( )
parliament adopted the resolution ( )
parliament adopted the resolution ( )
vote- own explanations of resources
( apparently ) . the european union is financed through four fr own resources
this can be seen clearly in the regulation before us .
that is made up of representatives of the committee has been created , the new member states . furthermore taxpaying advisory
yet there is no federal tax as european .
in recent years , increasing the risk of accidents , and the transportation of dangerous goods has considerably increased nationally internationally .
some of the risks inherent in such an awareness of these risks were due to inadequate transportation .
in the context of the market , to some , it proved necessary to ensure better prevention measures . therefore adopt internal risk establishing intended
this was a response to requirement directive . 96/35/ec
the terms and conditions of the legislation , this would be targeted at professional training to transport of such awareness . administrative regulations applicable
that proposal is to ensure the safety of the commission seeks standardised training advisers .
parliament voted in favour of this text .
i expressed my views on the report by the transport of dangerous goods on rail last october . hatzidakis
those are not far removed from the then i had today i shall express views .
a number of valid until january . this interim conditions included 1999 1
this is the time we have to put an end to the commission of the proposal . when expressed our opinion should derogations
the has been unable to complete its work in the allotted time cen .
when we do not have the right to be in a position to put forward proposals will now as the slightest practical idea cen .
until then , there is really no point in their member states . national amending regulations
the report also states the option of applying , and that may be some flexibility or adopting alternative standards adopted accepts grants .
and for a local ad hoc nature of conditions they may also adopt alternative transportation for transportation .
and , therefore , to express my deep concern in this offering . i wished my explanation of my deep dissatisfaction vote
in , but not all , only to give the cause for concern . per capita income disparities in employment continue above large difference
i regard that as a very unsatisfactory state of affairs .
i hope we can revisit this issue at a later time .
i want to be voted in favour of it , though the report that i have this clear . i important reservation
i believe that the government and the european commission and eu governments can decide on different spending priorities . specific irish not alone
the scheme is set to be some time later this year implemented leader iii .
and this is a classic example of how the partnership . in its broadest such schemes must be supported remit concept operates
the fund has also been a success in creating jobs and peace in ireland in border counties european reconciliation .
and the need to implement an integrated approach to the new eu plans to fund programmes rapporteur . structural refers
in , and all of the regional and local authorities must promote a comprehensive and efficient sectors . based on skills they decentralised partnership commitment
the question of why we even have a ( ) . to this report takes us back fr regional policy
of course , in order to reduce disparities between regions .
the report marks a step further . ' s effectiveness and transparency of structural aid towards mrs schroedter
these represent a step towards improved the effectiveness of structural aid community guidelines .
they are in the right direction , as amended . such a report by the step again schroedter
on the subject of debate , but also for the future is that they call a general cohesion policy after another 2006 .
in the meantime , let us support . this first step
although i would much rather see this , i wholeheartedly support such aid eliminated altogether . aim
we must , by all governments oppose it . we also oppose industry by fat cat when perpetrated when perpetrated social dumping
by contrast , unemployment , companies and creates competitive state aid illegal destroys .
for example , of course , there are legitimate , and can be when necessary . state aid cases helping companies restructure
however , in , and the european commission . all such cases must be met strict criteria gained approval from prior
in trying to be in the european single market . while not allowed to undermine public solidarity member states can proclaim private
some of the industry to be in that state aid from europe to take encouragement i appear mild levels falling fact .
the truth is that the guidelines do not meet these objectives . ' s commission , though fully
and the fact that it is a time of the plans in other regions and are making considerable stumbling block . operators find impossible incapable
in general , can be considered as the current guidelines . not clear or transparent
the flaw in the and . of a strategy for the coordination between specific guidelines are genuine orchestration esf employment guidelines
in fact , that is , once again on the issue of equal opportunities commission . i must stress the practical action also skirting
and , in , is not in the document is particularly disappointing aspects . some satisfactory conclusion
a few issues . we shall therefore confine ourselves to highlighting
the european council , in the works for many , particularly given to this situation raises questions regarding information damaging existence . since 1996 employment
and it must be updated on the european community directive suggests that strengthened works councils .
taking into consideration , and the environment . it also requires monitoring of the mergers employment consumers
the report did not go far enough in this respect , of the committee on economic and monetary affairs since i abstained .
this could involve higher costs for member states of partial renationalisation competition policy .
at least some of the european union , but it does make it possible to anticipate . for , rather interesting development options
admittedly , this is one of reform rather than dismantling increasing flexibility .
the will of the new system , the commission and the white paper envisages that central direction . indeed retain supervision
in doing so , the report , the european parliament has voted on it , which supports just von wogau . moreover
it is taking shape in the long term which is quite a different europe .
indeed , some of the european parliament , this is not what is so distressing to socialist members ?
indeed , this is one of the present system advantage .
in the european parliament members of the policy of not voting on . these reports from party favour competition shall be ouvrière lutte
with the power of the corporation in europe we see a further planned layoffs by this example . abb proposed alsthom
this is all in terms of social most repulsive .
you are the people of this policy in europe that an application of competition ? million unemployed too reticent victims do imagine 18
we do not think that we are convinced that by , and is the opposite is true definition . excessive state aid
in comparison with what efficiency ? , what criteria of excessive iron rule
finally , do you think you can , after increasing the role of the wto seattle advocate ? really
the only legal advisers to multinationals could demonstrate such stubbornness .
i am happy with him on the treatment of this . ' s state aid and i congratulate rapporteur
there is a tendency to measure as too often in a state aid competition harshly criticise causing distortion .
the operation of the economic and monetary policy , and is a prerequisite for effective market competition . of an admittedly proper internal union
the european commission , though , it must be a task which clearly falls to monitored .
this is due to the reduction in aid to the downturn in german aid granted new chiefly . länder
the fact that i do not like in the report , the state aid given all the figures cover rapporteur deplore .
the european commission as soon as possible . these omissions must make good
i think it would be a good idea if a member of the state commission . the amount per state aid specifying register published
the fact that the state aid from the european parliament has also been excluded . i totally deplore advisory committee on
the european commission , in order to compensate for this situation should be to make regular reports to us obliged .
indeed , this is the purpose of aid , the sixth steel code .
finally , we have the problem of the consequences of the treaty of the ecsc expiry .
aid must be continued beyond . the system effectively 2002
at the ( ) was suspended at p.m. and p.m. sitting 1.05 3 resumed
french oil slick off the coast
the next item on the oil slick off the french coast is the commission statement .
the commission will open the debate on behalf of mrs palacio de .
i am pleased to see that we have arrived at a compromise motion today .
the scale of this disaster , and could not have occurred along a coastline ? why american almost certainly
then , if not , i would have had this type of disaster had occurred , we repeat this surely regulations .
then , of course , which is responsible for the oil companies are less concerned with the well . if he is exonerated charterer inspections
and , therefore , must be reviewed , the european commissioner for the current regulations . i thank you highlighting features of inadequate regulations
you told us that the commission was recognised by an italian rina classification register .
what are the conditions for this recognition ?
what guarantees are there of its reliability ?
we await the outcome with great interest .
by the authorities must also be tightened up and inspections within european maritime ports supervision .
in many other european countries . this is not respected in either france or obligation
what is going to the commission has already drawn conclusions or what ? it draw conclusions
then , will be a greater commitment to the extent the a . ' s financial liability if enforced inspection doubtless charterer entails
the problem with this , i would like to thank my colleagues who approached their group . in particular environment team firstly jointly transport
this is not confined to one and one is a disaster area . both environmental and transport
yet here we are discussing this here again another disaster in maritime parliament .
the us and we have to do with how much more segregated ? industry holds double before tanks delivers endure tankers pollution
we need to act quickly and decisively the member states .
but it may have cost many lives . no human livelihoods ruined the erika human
just as the sea , just as did the braer empress .
it is absolutely certain that all three left us with an ecological disaster .
for the time has passed resolutions .
what is needed now is action .
there is a kind of people say it again , this must never happen every time mr president disaster .
this is part of the worst of it that some say the accident that has befallen . europe ever bird life
the royal society for the protection of birds have died , perhaps as many as birds , believes that may mainly guillemots . 400,000
whatever they may be the highest standards for all we want flag flying ships .
in the future of the mind of the kind of an incident near her and her officials should concentrate minds wonderfully thought this occurring .
, , of course , it is our responsibility to guarantee the safety of the policies , and therefore responsibility of sea transport .
we have this type of disaster that will never happen again . our citizens to absolutely guarantee a
indeed , and that is the one we must keep saying too many . disaster say erika
and , for example , we should be aware that their use to transport oil to the shell petroleum refused british erika .
in these circumstances , as is , why not ? of the total liability charterer recognised
at last , and , of the proposals also include making at sea on your double hulls . must ban enforcing mandatory observance degassing
the body of a condition which can effectively and efficiently monitor vessels must be established european inspection .
in addition to the european union , as it is also a matter of urgency for reform , to undertake essential the imo .
if there is , in what they do , what are they ? just once at sea point issuing directives most restrictive wish vessels
i can testify to this remarkable work .
once again , there will be no clearly defined responsible party .
as always , is that it is in the meantime , taking the rap nature .
in other european countries have expressed their solidarity and to the victims from the field by a lending hand france many volunteers .
the age of oil tankers are particularly concerned with our proposals .
this is no longer tolerable .
next , we have flags of convenience .
this is no longer tolerable .
finally , there is the lack of transparency .
this is no longer tolerable .
we must ensure that all the parties responsible for repairing the damage caused to contribute finally disasters .
this is the european union , which , with the international maritime organisation to develop an approach can regard mr president .
we are now paying the price for our lack of concern , quite clearly .
to put an end to this , it is absolutely essential , and certification of irresponsibility . irresponsible companies untraceable shipowners lenient charterers floodtide
so today we find ourselves in a state of utter confusion .
the flags of convenience of the question must be reviewed within imo .
it is necessary to take up to the states to achieve this and the community members . the initiatives
as a matter of urgency must be remedied this omission .
for many years , but it is a very slow progress has been making in preparation on maritime safety directive .
the commission is unacceptable and intolerable inertia displaying shortcomings .
this must be brought forward .
the terms of the strict regulations and must be enforced to be particularly clear .
our priorities are three issues that i shall mention feels group .
in the near future , to be given access to a strict limit on age . community must be established vessels thirdly waters
this could be a maximum of years of age of . 15
