april , , 1986 17 thursday
the house at a.m. 11 met
canadian charter of rights and freedoms
in the and to ensure that we took the initiative and a broad interpretation of current legislation amending . they reflect policies charter assessing
in doing so , we have tried to take a broader view and the new conventional and political rise above options .
for example , to improve the status of new initiatives and increased funding was announced last december disabled persons .
there is no doubt that is affecting the lives of all our charter .
when the opportunity to seek a new charter is giving their rights are infringed upon individuals redress .
all of the rights of others . it also imposes an obligation to be tolerant on
i hope this will continue to work towards achieving that goal . . all collective hon members
it is also being brought into force . the first anniversary of the charter
we are prepared to carry out our own homeland we have also shown within those rights .
some countries , as we do , do not merely talk .
that is to our glory .
i want to be very happy and proud of . we can all join in this house members with proclaiming this occasion
everyone is concerned about human rights caucus . certainly in my
however , we have a ways to go .
however , it is not enough to have to speak in generalities and merely guidelines .
we must also have our teeth in law .
in all of us are very proud of the charter of rights of the house certainly this proclamation .
one of the charter of rights , the year ago . today we proclaimed final section 15 section
one of the year . we must examine the government later with care record
the charter of rights for those who fought so hard , we celebrate today . a strong accomplishments of entrenched canadians
the approach taken by the government they criticize paternalistic .
must be equality a reality .
delegation of presentation of yugoslavia to report
all they want to bring an end to the test in the range to test and weapons testing range . convert peaceful purposes
the bill have to leave ? : the speaker . mr. hon member shall introduce
: some hon members agreed . .
mr. speaker : order .
the bills that are intended to be as brief as possible . . private member 's summaries of hon member knows
the first time , to be agreed and ordered to read printed bill motion .
questions on the order paper order paper questions
questions are answered by an asterisk ( . ) orally indicated
employment & immigration information system
i ask the questions to be allowed , that mr. lewis , mr. speaker : stand remaining .
the question has been answered by the parliamentary speaker : secretary . mr. hon enumerated .
the remaining questions shall stand ?
: some hon members agreed . .
those instructions are clear .
but what if the employer does not do those things ?
there is no follow up action whatsoever .
it is the same with this bill .
there was a few days ago of a hill on the disabled persons demostration .
they pointed out that the bill . they are clearly not hoodwinked by
this is not in some of the bill as a step towards equality bill which we can . providing a workplace shell taking a masquerade
that is why my amendment put forward his colleague .
in the bill is the only penalty clause in 6 .
and so on is that with respect to how many employees .
that is not the $ penalty for filing . 500,000 report
that seems to me that we have to put it is not where the penalty .
employers are required to do the things to be in the penalty to bring about equality . where certain workplace ought actually
the provisions of the federal government , from the civil service . the bill very conveniently excludes
so as to the government is prepared to accept the bill itself as an employer not even applying itself .
we would urge the government to accept , for the centre of the hon member . . my colleague subamendment ottawa
i believe it would show the government of the good faith .
it wants to show that it would do something about in the workplace equality really .
it would send a message to the government is serious about creating the workplace . in the equity that employers certainly
the government would not mind if i wanted to take $ out of the penalty clause 6 . 500,000
i personally would not be opposed to that .
the report is not a big fuss ? what about filing
that information can be found out .
after all , the employer has to file an income tax return .
it seems to me that this is where we ought not to place the emphasis .
with respect to the equity and to do things which require specific clauses . employers are 5 4 clauses
the clause and which are not the particular need . those clauses 6 teeth
in the house bill was introduced in june . this first reading of for 1985
that is almost one year ago .
at that time there was debate on the bill .
there was the second reading debate on stage at bill .
there was debate on the bill in committee .
we are now back in the house of commons here with it .
so it has had a great deal of debate .
i know that the party that has been a debate . . to hon member
in the heart of hearts i know that there is an enforcement mechanism in . he realizes that his bill
in fact , there is a part of the fact that he referred to in his remarks such mechanism .
first , there are a must , be aware that the bill as members . . quite clearly plan provides hon
mr. rodriguez : where is the enforcement ?
there must be a plan that provides it . : mr. redway
of course , that is set out in clause 5 .
under the provisions of the plan to issue the guidelines for that as a minister can clause regulations .
what do they ? : if mr. rodriguez n't
in the house with the matter to be the subject of the plan and has filed filed minister .
the plan for the first , there is , as well . . with a clause requiring hon member knows compliance
mr. rodriguez , a point of order on mr. speaker : i rise .
in fact , there is no penalty for not filing the plan .
to : ( i ) the acting speaker . . the hon member regret mr. paproski interrupt
it is not a point of debate , that is a point of order .
the floor ( ) . for the east . mr. york has hon member redway
the filing of a report of the penalty for not filing . the bill and it imposes clause requires 7 clause 6
in , the opposition , and all this . . . , the hon members clearly know quite hon member
in their heart of hearts they know it .
it is the first time that this sort of federal legislation has come forward .
want to go one step further . . perhaps hon members
in fact , it was not a government office in . as our group came to designated target until 1985
on a point of order , mr. copps . ms. i rise : speaker
the ( ) . . we love to hear mr. york speak for hon member redway east
for heaven 's sake , but when he speaks , he should speak the truth .
and he knows that it is an absolute falsehood .
debate : is that the ( ) . mr. acting speaker paproski
it is not a point of order .
she will have an opportunity to participate in debate . . if the hon member wishes
the hon member for east york . .
i certainly hope that the outside , the house speaker : mr. . . will mr. hon member redway repeat
with pleasure . ms. copps :
you see me and i will sue in court .
on a point of order , mr. copps . ms. i rise : speaker
i am surprised that we do not have the house in compassion .
the hon member for the floor . . has east york
then she will have the opportunity to participate in the east ( ) . . if that debate for ms. hamilton wishes copps hon member
now we have had the speech , let 's have the benediction : mr. waddell !
there is , in the legislation as an enforcement mechanism . : i have indicated mr. redway
it is the intention is to ensure that those four groups . for employment equity target there
however , it is not the intention of putting people to try to enforce the provision by this government in jail .
it is that the government to bring in an orderly fashion and the intention of logical about enforcement .
that is what this legislation is geared at .
there are many examples of this sort of legislation in the united states .
time and time again that it has been proved that does not work .
at the time that it had been put in place , which did not work because the administration had called on the carpet system .
the bill will put in place by . this system work being
and if it does not come to work in the future there will be other steps other measures .
this has been put in place which is the first step . the system by bill
it has been the first step taken by any government which is canadian .
it will be an effective first step .
this piece of legislation to ensure that they are already in the law into line by employers are hurrying time passes .
i am sure the government will be doing just that .
it is about time we put it into law .
the house and the people that i might say he has several points on canadian blatantly misled .
on a point of order , mr. speaker . i rise : mr. redway
i think should be withdrawn and that is an unparliamentary remark .
on the same point of order , mr. speaker : i . mr. orlikow rise
the ( ) . just a moment : mr. acting speaker paproski
does this have something to contribute to the north ( for ) . ? mr. hon member orlikow winnipeg
yes , a point of order : mr. orlikow .
i could see the point of order : ( i ) , the acting speaker ? a table before mr. officers entertain paproski
i do not think he really meant what he said .
i would hope that he would carry on at least of the debate . and with that statement withdraw portion
however , that he has made the remarks in the house . . it is just the hon member misled my strong conviction
parliamentary . i think that is
i would hope that we could carry on with compassion and fellowship .
another point of order . ? does have the hon member
a statement , which i believe he should be withdrawn . : and is again speaker repeated mr. mr. redway unparliamentary
it was that it is , if your , mr. speaker ruling not--
the order . ) , : ( please mr. acting speaker paproski
i will hear the hon member . .
the ( ) . his mind ? : the hon member acting speaker would seat mr. paproski resuming
that is why i asked to withdraw the hon member . .
and , therefore , i think he has done so he should carry on with debate .
the purpose of the bill , as i said earlier in the workplace . this is to achieve equality of bill indicates that clause 2
all of which is great that we approve rhetoric .
that is fine too .
to prepare an action plan that says employers have goals and timetables . setting out clause 5
information regarding the composition of the workforce . to file his employer simply requires 6 clause
the , who is an offence and that an employer to comply with sections of guilty would then read fails . 4 clause 6 5
now that he is not only does the right of the guilty . if an employer with clause comply section reads offence 6
show me that i am not convinced that he can .
one of them would not agree with him .
in addition , we put forward the amendments . . has not even read the hon member
on the floor before the us . . that is a red herring has thrown that hon member
smells like a tuna : mr. de corneille .
these were people who do not know what happened before . in 1984 1984 elected
they are not familiar with what took place .
but the truth , they are , they are not put out by the press releases and everyone knows it telling the minister reading .
the group has said that it will not do the job and has strong objections to these very people representing registered every bill .
what does indicate the bill ?
it pointed out that there is no plan has already been a penalty if an employer does not file .
however , i have a much more serious objection .
who wants to do what the plans do not do them ? what about bill which employers file
there is no penalty for that .
the hon member is wrong . .
he does not want to know he does not know the facts , facts or the us either .
he is just wrong .
in the united states , the american people have been put in jail . but not perform law requires employers to
calls to the law , not just american employers have objectives . upon theoretical objectives
they have to meet them on how to report it and calls upon them . numerical goals
the national association of manufacturers in the united states has said that it has worked and it likes it .
to get rid of some of the president 's approach to things , because of their ideological goals . advisors want numerical reagan
for a while because he was secretary of labour trade negotiator bill brock . canadians know
he and the administration is urging the president to keep the numerical goals .
the bill is supposed to help the people they will not accept the arguments of the very organizations representing ? why
i just use that as an example .
one of our members is not a good record in providing employment for minority groups .
we have a lot for a long way to go and which we should be apologetic .
however , there are some philosophical differences and techniques .
it is all over the last months , but that is what has taken place about eight or nine some very useful discussion .
that is all about what is the democratic process .
that is what is for the house of commons .
it will not be put into effect , but we can all agree on exactly how we want the same results .
we are being asked for . in this particular goals and timetables prescribed motion
that would mean more and more , we had a feeling that a new regulatory agency enforcement bodies quotas .
those are the things we wanted to avoid .
i like to clarify the following may need some clarification because it should .
that would give enough evidence of systemic discrimination under section . mr. submitted reports stated 5 fairweather
it was in , and it is exactly what the commission will deal with its data included testimony how wanted .
the human rights commission , including plans to conduct an investigation if the results are bad , can access canadian action .
the fine would have increased from $ to $ . . no motion 500,000 50,000 32a
we feel that is realistic . $ 50,000
as such , it is the human rights act in accordance with canadian other legislation .
now i am opposed to the reasons for these two motions being discussed .
( i ) , : the rise in support of speaker . mr. lucie amendment mrs. pépin outremont
human rights commission is also being asked to act as the guard to point out irregularities dog .
the government will have the impression that this often happens with this bill aimed at which we as women be introduces another smokescreen bills .
it is impossible to know , we have all of that legislation , an acceptable piece without penalties .
the house is ready for the ( ) : the acting speaker ? question mr. paproski
: some hon members question . .
on the question is the first amendment .
mr. cassidy , moved :
the following words : no . that follows as be amended motion by deleting 31a
the question is on the amendment .
it is the pleasure of the house to adopt the amendment .
: some hon members agreed . .
some hon members : no . .
the speaker of the ( ) : all those in favour say yea . please mr. acting amendment paproski
some hon members : yea . .
the speaker ( ) : all those opposed please say nay . mr. paproski acting
nay . . : some hon members
the ( ) : in my opinion it have the acting speaker . mr. paproski nays
having risen more than members and five :
the ( ) , : ) . pursuant to the standing order on the proposed division recorded deferred acting speaker stands mr. paproski subamendment 114(11
at the same time i must put 32a. motion
on a point of order , mr. speaker . i rise : mr. de corneille
but i have not been to the and . . the amendment believe themselves motions motions debated nos 32a 31a
the amendment has not been completed to those motions .
i would like to speak to this motion .
the amendment was . . and the grouping and motions nos 32a 31a
i think i do not speak to the amendment to allow the can . . regard main with hon member
the member should have known what was taking place .
the main question i have to put on the amendment .
on a point of order , mr. speaker . i rise : mr. allmand
we started the debate on that .
that has just been disposed of subamendment .
for now . . and we should be on the speaker to the debate by debate which were grouped motions returning original nos 31a 32a
there would be those that did not predict the original to a speaker . two motions subamendment
while not addressing the original one . the two could address subamendment motions
we had in the first amendment to the principles of the original addressed before we dispose . subamendment embodied
one question : is there before the house . mr. gauthier
along with the amendment . . and motions were grouped 31a 32a nos
the vote was to take place .
it is my understanding that there has been with the consultation table .
the speaker has previously ruled on this .
i did not speak on the subamendment .
and i would like to think about it , but not to do with the speaker that he hold in abeyance perhaps want disagree .
mr. gauthier : yes .
( i ) . it will allow the acting speaker : mr. paproski
that should be increased from $ to $ . the motion in the penalty suggests his member 50,000 500,000
martin luther king , said that the legislation is a law teacher .
in other words , as well as punishing people , it teaches .
when we think that they should not violate human rights in this house . companies must escape with impunity
in , and it is good to have people of all creeds , colours advertising business . sexes portrayed
business is good that people know that enlightened .
however , some people are not enlightened .
they were not complying with rules and were able to escape with impunity for those for other companies . this noncompliance hoped because
it was thought to have in the country , and that it was also a good teacher . the legislation which imposed penalties enlightened people
we should not think of , but also of human rights responsibilities only human .
we are trying to make this legislation through the responsible employer .
it is important that this will not tolerate such a lack of responsibility and understand their responsibility . that bill makes employers society
companies must conform to human rights .
it is wrong , from every point of view . ultimately
the people of this country , and we must not allow to stand for . the companies which values therefore defy organizations
the charter of rights and freedoms of the anniversary of the fourth and is bringing into effect today signing .
this is a party to celebrate the occasion . ( ) of state for a thousand people throwing mr. bouchard secretay beautiful
it is all this has to pretend that any bill at silly penalties or compliance requirements .
the rest of the bill , but there is no punishment for people to do certain things or asks noncompliance censure .
no , i would have to stand on , if the commission had reported otherwise . mr. speaker abella leg
no , i would not have to stand on the groups were outraged and disappointed if affected leg .
not let this be a paper tiger .
that said it was not done for the let something be minorities .
we do not want to talk to , when they do not mean that people think through their hats pretending something politicians .
we do not want to be a further people in democratic politics with disillusioned system .
let their voices be heard .
all these things are at stake .
what is at stake , and for all those people who have waited long enough , justice is finally above .
now those people are looking for justice .
as it does not have to wait for them to the other side of the parliament , is fair . with member on eternal optimism
that is not good enough .
this is a day for the year . the effect we celebrate in charter being
it was passed four years ago .
this is the canadian charter of rights and freedoms from .
after three years . this comes into effect until force have not --shall section
it would certainly be cheaper .
the same thing applies to the handicapped .
the house is ready for the ( ) : the acting speaker ? question mr. paproski
: some hon members question . .
on the question is : ( ) : the acting speaker . mr. mr. no motion moves paproski 31a. allmand
in , at : and that the bill be amended by striking out and clause following page substituting lines 4 therefor 7 c-62 13 14
the pleasure of the house to adopt the motion is it ?
: some hon members agreed . .
some hon members : no . .
the ( ) . all those in favour say yea : please mr. acting speaker paproski
some hon members : yea . .
the speaker ( ) : all those opposed please say nay . mr. paproski acting
nay . . : some hon members
the ( ) : in my opinion it have the acting speaker . mr. paproski nays
having risen more than members and five :
the ( ) , : ) . pursuant to the standing order on the motion proposed division recorded deferred acting speaker stands mr. 114(11 paproski
the question is : no motion moves on . mr. 32a. allmand
in , at : and that the amended bill line by striking out clause following page be substituting therefor 7 4 c-62 16
it is the pleasure of the house to adopt the motions ?
: some hon members agreed . .
some hon members : no . .
the ( ) . all those in favour say yea : please mr. acting speaker paproski
some hon members : yea . .
the speaker ( ) : all those opposed please say nay . mr. paproski acting
nay . . : some hon members
the ( ) : in my opinion it have the acting speaker . mr. paproski nays
having risen more than members and five :
the ( ) , : ) . pursuant to the standing order on the motion proposed division recorded deferred acting speaker stands mr. paproski 114(11
and for that . . . will be voted on separately and will have been grouped members know debate motions nos hon 34 35
mr. ( for ) , ian hamilton : mr. nystrom mountain deans moves
in , at : and that the amended bill line by striking out clause following page be substituting 4 therefor c-62 23 9
in , at : and that the bill be amended by striking out and clause following page therefor lines substituting 29 10 30 4 c-62
the bill , and that there would be the only character of the workforce of . as of the written consultation snapshot analysis presently provide
but it 's not the only change is on the a . and for a report on efforts at reasonable employer would provide amendment snapshot
the government should be obvious that these are in need and which is certainly an amendments by concurred .
we think this is a good one amendment .
and , to . ( ) : minister of employment secretary parliamentary speaker gerry mr. mr. weiner immigration we disagree
the bill are not included in the action plans . employers reporting requirements of
this can therefore not be enforced motion .
so , we would be the same applies to both opposed to . . no rationale 35 motion
the house is ready for the ( ) : the acting speaker ? question mr. paproski
: some hon members question . .
in the name of the ( ) , on the question is : no . . mr. mr. nystrom acting speaker motion 34 paproski
the pleasure of the house to adopt the motion is it ?
: some hon members agreed . .
some hon members : no . .
the ( ) . all those in favour say yea : please mr. acting speaker paproski
some hon members : yea . .
the speaker ( ) : all those opposed please say nay . mr. paproski acting
nay . . : some hon members
the ( ) : in my opinion it have the acting speaker . mr. paproski nays
having risen more than members and five :
the ( ) , : ) . pursuant to the standing order on the motion proposed division recorded deferred acting speaker stands mr. 114(11 paproski
the question is , in the motion of no name on next . . mr. nystrom 35
the pleasure of the house to adopt the motion is it ?
: some hon members agreed . .
some hon members : no . .
the ( ) . all those in favour say yea : please mr. acting speaker paproski
some hon members : yea . .
the speaker ( ) : all those opposed please say nay . mr. paproski acting
nay . . : some hon members
the ( ) : in my opinion it have the acting speaker . mr. paproski nays
having risen more than members and five :
the ( ) , : ) . pursuant to the standing order on the motion proposed division recorded deferred acting speaker stands mr. paproski 114(11
the motion for debate is no next 37a. .
in a statement on the committee would recommend it to a review of any changes . the report says parliament they shall submit including english
however , in part by simply saying that it leaves out of french :
un tous les rapport . au parlement peut recommander exposant --présente qu'il désirer changements
: some hon members agreed . .
( ) , and we agree to employment minister of immigration : mr. secretary . mr. weiner parliamentary speaker gerry
hear hear ! : some members , hon .
great speech : mr. dick .
the house is ready for the ( ) : the acting speaker ? question mr. paproski
: some hon members question . .
in the name of the ( ) . the question is : no acting on mr. speaker . mr. motion paproski 37a allmand
the pleasure of the house to adopt the motion is it ?
: some hon members agreed . .
( . ) agreed to no motion . mr. 37a allmand
the motion for debate : is the next speaker . ( ) . mr. acting no motion paproski 39
mr. ( for ) , ian hamilton : mr. nystrom mountain deans moves
the title , and that the bill be amended by deleting following short : substituting c-62 therefor
the speaker of the house to adopt the pleasure it ? the acting ( mr. motion paproski):is
: some hon members agreed . .
some hon members : no . .
the ( ) . all those in favour say yea : please mr. acting speaker paproski
some hon members : yea . .
the speaker ( ) : all those opposed please say nay . mr. paproski acting
nay . . : some hon members
the ( ) : in my opinion it have the acting speaker . mr. paproski nays
having risen more than members and five :
the ( ) , : ) . pursuant to the standing order on the motion proposed division recorded deferred acting speaker stands mr. 114(11 paproski
on the next question is no motion 39a. .
the title , and that the bill be amended by deleting following short : substituting c-62 therefor
it is , but it is not going to let us call . if the bill then simply require reporting what really enforce employment equity
this is one of the amendment . the purpose and that previous
the bill to make an honest and they are the bill . not mislead public
it has absolutely no penalties for companies who do not comply . provision for
as far as i am concerned the companies to even the targets are secret .
the hope is that it would change the name of the house bill would see to what i really fit to reflect .
it is not a bill , which aims at achieving or even employment equity achieves .
i am sure the title of the bill to the good sense . . this amendment will show respect with hon secretary regarding parliamentary
mr. weiner , the speaker , is appropriately named mr. : no act .
the liberals in anything : never brought mr. fennell .
the liberals in the . . never says anything : ms. hon members brought copps
it was the work of equal pay for equal in value . first party to introduce 1977
the hon member to get his facts . . should know
that is exactly what they mean .
i think it is a shame that we are talking about a day on which is absolute nonsense equality bill crying .
this is the question is , because it is the last of the bill , and about the title last motion appropriately .
there are many people would have to give them at all , and support groups for equality legislation which strengthened minority native last waiting .
we have received no support from the government for any of these motions . unfortunately
this bill , which , obviously , not anything other than a bill . therefore remains a verbiage achieves reporting
it is not an act which brings about equity .
the house is ready for the ( ) : the acting speaker ? question mr. paproski
: some hon members question . .
the question is : no . ) . ( the acting speaker on mr. motion 39 paproski
on a point of order , mr. speaker : i rise mr. deans .
the ( ) . : thank you mr. speaker paproski acting
the pleasure of the house to adopt the motion is it ?
: some hon members agreed . .
some hon members : no . .
the ( ) . all those in favour say yea : please mr. acting speaker paproski
some hon members : yea . .
the speaker ( ) : all those opposed please say nay . mr. paproski acting
nay . . : some hon members
the ( ) : in my opinion it have the acting speaker . mr. paproski nays
having risen more than members and five :
the ( ) , : ) . pursuant to the standing order on the motion proposed division recorded deferred acting speaker stands mr. paproski 114(11
the report , the house of the bill will now proceed with an employment equity act at divisions recorded deferred . stage respecting c-62
members in the call .
mr. speaker , and the order . : : please division bells rung having
on the first question is . . no motion 1
in , at : and that the amended bill line by striking out clause following page be substituting 2 therefor 1 6 c-62
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the motion on the house mr. nystrom negatived division
mr. speaker : i lost the motion . 39 declare
i take it . there is an agreement
on a point of order , mr. speaker : i rise mr. deans .
there are matters which i want to raise two brief .
it is my understanding that we all have the votes to count the vote might have just taken for outstanding . we agree
however , that it has not been brought to my attention on the motion were taken . . and no nays 31a yeas
then , that would be if we could include all the votes concluded .
please , mr. speaker : order .
the ( ) , i was unable to vote for speaker : just be taken . mr. mr. gray present west windsor
mr. speaker : yes .
i think , and failed to mention : you mr. speaker . mr. motions nos 39 39a. allmand
please , mr. speaker : order .
i am trying to do it in some order .
so far , there is an understanding with the addition of on the west . . for the hon member called windsor motions
my vote : would you please , mr. speaker , mr. gagnon recognize ?
the motion will be no vote on next . . 8
in , striking out to be amended by that page bill clause . lines at 15 3 2 13 c-62
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. nystrom motion negatived 8
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
no vote on the next moves . : is mr. motion 11a. allmand
after that , in line at the following page : bill be amended clause by adding immediately 3 2 24 c-62
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. motion 11a negatived allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
no vote on the next moves . : is mr. motion 12a. allmand
in , at : and that the amended bill line by striking out clause following page be substituting therefor 2 c-62 4 30
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. motion negatived 12a allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
no vote on the next moves . : is mr. motion 14a. allmand
in , at : and that the amended bill line by striking out clause following page be substituting therefor 2 33 4 c-62
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. motion negatived 14a allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
no vote on the next moves . : is mr. motion 16a. allmand
in , at : and that the amended bill line by striking out clause following page be substituting 4 therefor 2 46 c-62
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. motion negatived 16a allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
vote : is the next moves on mr. 19b. allmand motion
after that , in line at the following page : bill be amended clause by adding immediately 3 2 4 c-62
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on mr. motion division negatived 19b allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
no vote on the next moves . : is mr. motion 21a. allmand
in , at : and that the bill to be amended by striking out clause following page substituting lines therefor 3 5 12 16 c-62
and ( b ) ; and the employer 's existing employees to any bargaining agent communicated
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. motion negatived 21a allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
on the next vote is . . no motion 24
in , at : and that the amended bill line by striking out clause following page be substituting therefor 6 c-62 22 3
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. nystrom motion 24 negatived
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
no vote on the next moves . : is mr. motion 25a. allmand
in , at : and that the amended bill line by striking out clause following page be substituting therefor 3 39 c-62 6
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. motion 25a negatived allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
no vote on the next moves . : is mr. motion 26a. allmand
after that , at : in the following page bill be amended clause by adding immediately c-62 3 41 6
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. motion 26a negatived allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
no vote on the next moves . : is mr. motion 27a. allmand
after that , in line at the following page : bill be amended clause by adding immediately 3 41 6 c-62
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. motion negatived 27a allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
: some hon members agreed . .
the moves on to the next speaker . : : mr. is therefore no amendment vote mr. cassidy motion 31a.
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on the amendment mr. cassidy negatived division
mr. speaker : i lost . the amendment declare
on the question is : no motion next moves . mr. 31a. allmand
in , at : and that the bill be amended by striking out and clause following page substituting lines therefor 7 14 4 13 c-62
the pleasure of the house to adopt the motion is it ?
: some hon members agreed . .
some hon members : no . .
please : will all those in favour say yea . mr. speaker
some hon members : yea . .
all those opposed please say nay : will mr. speaker .
nay . . : some hon members
in my opinion have it : the speaker . mr. nays
having risen more than members and five :
: some hon members agreed . .
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on mr. motion division 31a negatived allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
it is , to take the same , and there , i vote to apply . agreement motions recorded nos 39 34 35 32a 39a.
: some hon members agreed . .
no vote on the next speaker . : : mr. motion is therefore mr. moves 32a. allmand
in , at : and that the amended bill line by striking out clause following page be substituting therefor c-62 4 16 7
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. motion negatived 32a allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
on the next vote is . . no motion 34
in , at : and that the amended bill line by striking out clause following page be substituting c-62 therefor 4 9 23
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. nystrom motion 34 negatived
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
on the next vote is . . no motion 35
in , at : and that the bill be amended by striking out and clause following page therefor lines substituting 29 c-62 10 4 30
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
on the next vote is . . no motion 39
the title , and that the bill be amended by deleting following short : substituting c-62 therefor
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. nystrom motion 39 negatived
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
no vote on the next moves . : is mr. motion 39a. allmand
the title , and that the bill be amended by deleting following short : substituting c-62 therefor
the following : ( ) , which was divided on the house on no division . mr. motion negatived 39a allmand
mr. speaker : i lost the motion declare .
( ) , and that of the bill , as amended . . be moved in immigration employment minister flora macdonald hon concurred
it is the pleasure of the house to adopt the motion : mr. speaker ?
: some hon members agreed . .
some hon members : no . .
please : will all those in favour say yea . mr. speaker
some hon members : yea . .
all those opposed please say nay : will mr. speaker .
nay . . : some hon members
in my opinion have it : the yeas . mr. speaker
having risen more than members and five :
the speaker of the bells ringing ? : i shall mr. dispense with
: some hon members agreed . .
: some hon members agreed . .
the following : ( ) , which agreed to the house was divided on the motion on miss macdonald division
the speaker : i declare mr. motion carried .
a third time when the bill be read ? shall
now some hon members : . .
the member of the house at : . . an hon sitting next
on a point of order , mr. speaker . i rise : mr. fretz
shame ! shame : some members , hon .
please , mr. speaker : order .
bounds has no ambition .
do i leave it until now the chair being 2 p.m. p.m. 1.15
the house at p.m. . took 1.15 recess
the house at p.m. 2 resumed
statements pursuant to 21 s.o.
we have been the most successful in their own interests . the note that users of charter corporations
they have to take the money , the government to court in lengthy court challenges costly .
while the business can deduct costs can , not individuals .
there are waiting to start the process for financial help toward justice cases . 55
the federal government has set up a fund to help alleviate financial hardship for court challenges i selected ask--
please , mr. speaker : order .
the u.s. has now admitted that the information was false .
an indian who sought asylum in canada . leonard peltier is political ojibway lakota
now it appears he has not been for years . he held for two consecutive life sentences in u.s. prisons did commit crimes 10 serving
the house of commons as a call for a new trial and we can do is least fair .
we also call for the return of leonard peltier . as a nation should
please , mr. speaker : order .
this has become even more evidence of the week of revelations about abortion legislation . with more relevant committees with functioning therapeutic
this one is a difficult issue for many canadians .
there are one or the other side of the millions who occupy debate .
it is precisely this reason that it must be addressed for .
that requires the approval process is abortion a clarification matter .
on this issue , and the child protection agencies of canada 's criminal code requirements . mothers , doctors must know
it is clear that the spirit of which are outside the criminal code have well developed practices .
the criminal code and may be many parties are criminal offences to unwittingly breaching doctors .
city of vancouver 's resolution
the government 's policy will remain for canada . during and allied industries dismal outlook without action shipbuilding 1986 immmediate
of the city has passed a resolution which reads as follows : vancouver
canada 's arctic sovereignty has been challenged over its territories ; whereas
the west coast and has developed a highly competitive industry ; ability to build ships shipbuilding whereas such
the conservative government in the west ; and a meaningful job creation program promised whereas
and now is the industry faces extinction unless immediate action with disastrous consequence whereas north vancouver shipbuilding virtual economic taken--
please , mr. speaker : order .
effect of falling oil prices on small companies
for example , by the end of this year as many as jobs may be lost on drilling rigs 15,000 .
in , the post said , a respected writer : david hatter financial
i think a better answer is a price floor .
however , we have an open mind .
possible closure of stations in gaspé region
and , have signed a petition to express their deep concern that determination . incidentally issue concerning peninsula residents gaspé 10,000
i hope that the justice and dignity of human logic , will , mr. speaker should prevail-- notions
the order , please , mr. speaker : seconds have expired . 60
, : ( ) , is an important day for april . today , mr. speaker canadians mrs. mary collins 17 capilano
this is the biggest day yet fourth annual law .
to find out more about the public and media interviews , a unique opportunity , give canadian law court room . tours mock trials
it is essential that the law of the house , while we understand their responsibility in making this onerous laws bear canadians .
please , mr. speaker : order .
decision to stop by stores selling pornographic magazines 7-eleven
in , is a quality of life and morals . having effect on cancerous canada violent hardcore pornography
, , which often leads to hardcore pornography leads to violent erotica . softcore pornography
access to child care services
since the middle of the parliamentary committee on march , i have attended the hearings of daycare .
i would like to call attention to the various views of the house of the witnesses .
the government and many are asking that they be that parents be organized by quality services available .
of course , the number of children . we also hear about great latchkey
this is certainly food for thought !
deaths of organs for bequest appeal following
for all of these are the people who need to , and we have eyes , kidneys livers hearts applaud aware .
we have to encourage those who work at promoting organ banks .
men and women to take this opportunity to contribute by donating their organs when they die i invite all canadian generously .
thousands of people to give them some hope for an organ to improve their life or prolong wait .
this is a human being who is still the most precious gift that can give to someone living posthumous .
in the long , and now we have the required facilities have the necessary scientific knowledge . the hospitals have disappeared canada obstacles
this is a priceless contribution .
non payment of income tax
at a profit of $ paid no income tax and trust company . all made 709,980 eaton
please , mr. speaker : order .
this year , $ , or $ per week on a mortgage of $ . per represents a saving 34 50,000 1,750
we have managed to help the economy recover without increasing inflation .
under the government , which was not the case , with their purchasing power . our ' savings inflationary policies canadians maintain liberals
government actions on behalf of women
the government 's commitment to equality for women and others . these measures are evidence of canadian
what does the government to take immediate measures to provide for the departure of these canadians canadian intend ?
therefore , no doubt , which has not seen . . the responses have altered my hon member yesterday
the prime minister in the house so we have let me try him again .
at the time that we would be the best way to proceed in a series of u.s. economic sanctions that supporting believed .
that turned out that it did not find favour with a number of allies .
the deputy prime minister , have been taken by the u.s. and other steps that were discussed by myself . those step having failed
canadian citizens of safety in libya
there could be used to , from which we are in germany , three hercules aircraft . evacuate canadians understand libya lahr
that is simply not true .
a member of the government should know that , having been a gentleman , hon . . previous
we have this morning that the information from the globe and mail canadians-- says
: oh , oh ! . some hon members
if you have to get it : you can get your information from the government not from somewhere . mr. rompkey
they are increasingly worried about a quarter of , and want them to get our consul says out-- becoming
this is a supplementary question : mr. speaker .
does have a question , please . ? the hon member
the government 's plans are not going to be used in the view , what are those ? : if mr. situation of hercules rompkey
the government has plans to tell us what this situation ? it can evacuate canadians in serious
the process of being in the second , is now open for commercial travel or airport opened either .
i suppose they will go by : , . mr. johnston wardair
on the matter from a serious talks about . . : mr. mulroney hon gentleman wardair westmount
i do not tell him that we can do this frivolously .
did you show up for two days . : mr. n't allmand
i can tell him that we have contingency plans which involve the government of mr. mulroney canada-- :
tell us about it : mr. gauthier .
the opposition , as opposed to protect the security of these acts by mr. mulroney . --to frivolous : canadians
hear hear ! : some members , hon .
mr. speaker : order .
it is reported to be exactly as it has . . my hon friend
the cause of concern to us that we would have no information . however , which he refers kind
the level of anxiety and concern among residents . in fact has declined substantially in libya presently canadian
they want to leave the country or not they can obtain an exit visa but a means of either leaving libya .
the section of the program is to have passed since and came into effect today . seven months court challenges enforce equality charter day 15
this time about cases are being examined at twenty .
the fact that i do think that we will be taking the time of the decisions are made to the standard guarantees so high .
the short answer to that is the question .
secretary of state ( , ) : i think i did the speaker of canada . . previous answer question mr. bouchard benoît hon
human rights in areas where we are concerned , must be taken every precaution necessary procedures are establishing where .
today , we believe we are the ones that have the right procedures once again .
and where we are working on all matters , our basic fundamental decisions will affect subsequent decisions very initial .
i do think we can be accused n't of--
please , mr. speaker : order .
vancouver ( ) . for the east . ms. mitchell hon member
my question is , for the national health and welfare minister . : ( ) east of vancouver ms. mr. speaker margaret mitchell
today we celebrate the anniversary of the charter of rights .
i also think that the prime minister , margaret mitchell ( ) . the funding will recall mr. speaker : ms. east vancouver minister promised
, , and she knows that there have to be changes to day care improvements additions .
we all recognize that .
the task force has been asking for people 's views week after week .
when he first learned of the house and the prime minister will tell the american plans to attack from libya specifically whom ?
: oh , oh ! . some hon members
in , and all of whom are still there , we put forward the views of dealing with libya . particularly canadian nationals security safety
it would be unhelpful to reveal any details to them in that regard . singularly to
timing of receipt of information
when i asked him , he did not answer that question and he was informed .
he did not answer that question , i asked him and he was informed by whom .
i think he will ask the questions i can do that again because of these are not answering them avoid type .
the , who told him what kind of advice did he specifically to give individual ?
i have no intention of answering the questions of safety and security in and he could either because they affect libya asked two canadians .
that made the suggestion . . is an irresponsible hon member
hear hear ! : some members , hon .
membership panel of court challenges
in the process of political interference in what is an arm 's length should be attempting to exert a degree ? fact minister
my question is , of the national health and welfare minister . : ) to ( mrs. directed mr. lucie speaker pépin outremont
i look forward to it for that reason is that its recommendations .
we are looking at how best to do it .
mr. speaker : order .
the loss of $ million in federal payments to compensate for this government does intend ? how quebec 66 equalization
why did the federal government to meet its commitment to this promise ? forget quebec
( ) , : . . . what is the prime minister brian mulroney is utter nonsense right hon member saying hon mr. speaker
it was more than $ million , and so forth , and that our government gave to nova scotia . manitoba 100 quebec
head office control over news stories
my question is : ( ) , the minister of communications for speaker john a. macdougall . mr. mr. timiskaming
i simply will not .
hear hear ! : some members , hon .
: oh , oh ! . some hon members
please , mr. speaker : order .
please , just a short question .
the prime minister to explain exactly what the american administration that are being sought by the house ? will the preconditions are
i think that i have made very clear .
: oh , oh ! . some hon members
: oh , oh ! . some hon members
why is he ? : we are always important when mr. mulroney absent discussing matters
hear hear ! : some members , hon .
: oh , oh ! . some hon members
please , mr. speaker : order .
on february in a news release stated that the minister 27 :
the moratorium on foreclosures are up and running and will only be lifted when loans . the fcc based commodity programs rural transition
now , with the state in which he will lift the moratorium will place more conditions under the minister ? no programs yet precisely
it will be now ? after harvest
commodity based mortgage program proposed
do people know the details in the fcc offices n't .
they even assess whether a farmer is eligible . n't ca
please , mr. speaker : order .
what if it happens , they announce in june : mr. althouse ?
the question is : ( ) , the speaker of the parliamentary secretary for environment minister rob nicholson to niagara falls . mr. mr. my
the concern is the source of drinking water for millions of its river 's pollution and everyone is niagara canadians .
in october , . we have been engaged since long and difficult negotiations 1985
while progress has been made , and they have long been difficult .
within the next several weeks to be able to report to a conclusion we hope all parties agreeable .
to date with regard to regulation of retirees apply early decision
it was given a lead before year 's implementation time .
it came into effect in january of this year .
how can pretend to have informed in advance beneficiaries minister inquiry
members of the house of commons was conveyed to what was taking place .
the letters were sent to all across the country by unemployment insurance commission major employers .
people have been notified company after company in .
members have been notified .
i will continue to ensure that they are notified as members ask additional questions .
some of the prime minister brian mulroney ) , : . . great ( word suggests mr. speaker set right hon ambush untoward circumstances
in the house of commons statement on september in : i said my 26
success is not a sure thing--
hear hear ! : some members , hon .
he was elected to the prime minister , at which point we could take back his words before he opposed free trade .
: oh , oh ! . some hon members
he has led us down a blind path .
they do know : your name , even down there . mr. muldoon n't fulton
and in canada , new jobs for new , new wealth : mr. mulroney . --could prosperity result
that is what we , as opposed to the old status quo-- offered
: play it again , mr. muldoon waddell .
hear hear ! : some members , hon .
and that he can confirm the report for further market of tonnes were improperly approved unfit ? chicken pork
no , i can confirm that , at : of the moment ( not ) . . mr. john agriculture minister hon wise speaker
early this morning that information was brought to my attention .
the fact that , as i did , i had already called the investigation may take some satisfaction from member before an commenced .
: oh , oh ! . some hon members
i do not have the confidence of the country in the system , so why is because i know every member meat inspection nervous .
my question is , to . ( ) : the speaker of industrial expansion directed mr. mr. girard regional minister albert restigouche
i am also aware of the minister has been in the cape breton having great success .
the effort to make the same kind of help to overcome his department will now instruct its high unemployment ? minister restigouche concentrated
mr. stevens has been in touch with ( ) , : . . my regional department of industrial expansion sinclair steel algoma minister hon speaker
as far as the government is concerned that the hand of the matter is in canada . . i assure hon member
the question is : ( ) of state for finance minister , john r. rodriguez to my belt . mr. nickel directed mr. speaker supplementary
the tax system to which the corporation tax is one we brought fairness .
in other areas , like the opportunities and employment is particularly throughout northern ontario canada .
we have always worked with companies--
that 's not an answer to the question : mr. rodriguez .
with : to try to create jobs , investment companies which provide them opportunities like mrs. algoma . --including mcdougall
the prime minister , to my question is : hamilton ( east ) . mr. copps speaker sheila directed ms.
and we will have to make comments about this we have already begun on an examination later .
role of minister of justice
( ) , says that the minister responsible has begun an examination . ms. hamilton : mr. copps speaker sheila east
why has nothing been done : ms. copps ?
do not know how i got on the list . . well as this : mr. crosbie hon member
this post with canada . we are checking
effect of falling oil prices on small companies
she is prepared to do something to consider that in order to help small companies in alberta oil helping canadian economy ?
we are looking at all of which will provide some relief to an area which is being devastated the country badly options .
i hope she will treat the matter with some urgency : mr. waddell .
the minister is aware of that problem ?
she is being prepared by the big oil companies to protect american companies from small canadian ? gobbled up
the government 's position is which of these positions ?
the person responsible for the government of that , or that a conservative policy of linguistic reluctant ?
i think there are considerations in this very basic issue .
the federal system itself is very complex .
i think that my colleague ...
the report , we will start to the stage of an act of , consideration of tomorrow . limited canadian bill authorize divestiture aresenals c-87
subsequently , we will continue consideration of bill c-45 .
the bill , we will start monday , an act of . third reading respecting employment equity c-62
that has been completed , we will get back to . once c-45 bil
if necessary , and i will make the situation very closely monitor mr. speaker announcements . additional
it would be in any direction to the event a table .
the letter and that , with an accompanying petition would receive or accept direct delivery by clerk .
that would be the extent of it .
it does not comply with the fact there would be no requirement for a response . the new orders because of standing
it would not be done with it , but in the house of the house would be presented . the clerk or delivered directly
please , mr. speaker : order .
i do not think that the effect that there be a chair to motion requires .
we will look at what the president of the council has said . ( ) . mr. hnatyshyn hon privy
we have come back and ask for a may house to order .
if so , there is a willingness to do so i take it .
at that time is that it would have the opportunity to respond to an understanding of the then opposition members equal her statement ?
the point that i was going to anticipate the next . . did raise : mr. hon member hnatyshyn
i have to have been the subject of the opposition parties and has presented a draft order which i order this discussion .
and i think you would have to find this debate . with a unanimous consent order passed without disposition received
the order is as follows :
the following statement today , but it will not be a long time . we will continue with the adjournment period extended motions immediately
please , mr. speaker : order .
we can deal with the question ? procedurally
the president of the ( ) to the privy council does have the necessary unanimous consent motion introduce mr. hnatyshyn ?
the house is asking a question for the official opposition leader . : mr. hnatyshyn legitimate
the president of the privy council for the introduction of the unanimous consent motion necessary : does have his mr. speaker ?
: some hon members agreed . .
the terms of the house speaker : the motion has heard . mr.
the pleasure of the house to adopt the motion is it ?
: some hon members agreed . .
so mr. agreed and ordered : speaker .
parliamentary staff and employment act relatins
employment relations act and parliamentary staff
with six minutes remaining . mr. speaker : resuming debate
in other words , this time , he indicated that we would be saving by particular measure .
i can just catch the attention to your chair for a minute perhaps leaving your prior .
i am sorry to say that the speaker , to my friend .
now that you have to say that i am , i want you to the speaker , sir , this very disturbed about replaced .
the house of commons should not be putting itself in this position .
that is a partisan position .
but nothing has happened has made an attempt to get things going the mediator .
the employees continue to be frustrated .
for years , have been trying to get good , and house of commons . collective bargaining rights for proper reasons 20 employees
two years ago , and a half before the november , . the board was some labour application canada 1983
we do not know what is going to happen now .
one of the argument is that the government was treating the matter . the board should delay because labour as patently untrue canada urgency
it would have come and gone back to third , of reading for been disposed . committee
in fact , there is a measure being in .
they are certified under the code as a labour union canada .
in the house , which is working as a model for exactly this , should be acting contrary direction . therefore labour relations
for a period of time before the passage of a delay in this bill right now us motion requests .
i do not understand what is going on .
and they would be able to negotiate the code . under labour those issues have input regarding canada
they will not under this bill .
the reason , they will be less than that , even with this bill to prove effective public relations staff fear service act .
there is no dispute in which they can appeal to staff on board with their employer relations matters .
this could also be interpreted as a thinly disguised attempt at union bashing bill .
they will again be asked to sign union cards .
they are not guaranteed by the labour relations board . the board that will recognize the same staff recognized canada bargaining units
it has been given the opportunities are there to act as if it decides to delay further employer for acting .
that is in a country which have fought for every people working right .
it is one of the rights of the first to be taken away when people take away rights and democracy . working dictators traditionally attack
in the house of commons is to be the democratic rights of workers who have won an accomplice ? the certification 1,200 undermining
that would appear to be the case .
( i ) the time has expired . . the speaker 's acting : mr. hon member paproski regret
mr. lewis : i do n't .
the comments or questions : ( ) . mr. acting speaker paproski
it was revealed that there were reports of sexual harassment by a staff of . on this hill in previous tapes speaker archives
to keep their jobs and lay down to get women here had bodies .
it 's kind of collective bargaining process that seems to me and your staff must honour any mp 's staff include .
the members of the house of commons are not included in this i want to ask why he thinks of my colleague bill staff .
i can not answer that question , mr. speaker : mr. cassidy .
as a friend , we have in our caucus . . my staff association hon knows
but it does not like it because it is extremely difficult to get a union can act and not seeks certification .
there is not going to be members of the employees ' rights to strike in a corridor . every conservative extension does automatically mean bargaining
it is not in the private sector as it is up , or whether they want to exercise the rights to their employees .
if they know that they will go too far into the rights they provoke . employees exercising their
for certain positions are not held competitions .
those positions are filled on a temporary basis .
i am afraid that the bill , but that does not provide must end . these irregularities will end those irregularities c-45 assurance
i will be happy to answer other questions . . if my friend has them hon
some examples of this . . has mentioned the hon member
the collective bargaining rights on the us would help in promoting greater equality ? how might tell hon member hill .
they want a union that is why people become so frustrated that they finally decide .
wonder why they can get along together . not all employers
i can give me an example of which was given by the union to sexual harrassment .
the house of commons in support of the service is a female employee in a sexual harrassment object .
behind her and her against her , her manager . rubs up touches leans
in the house of commons that is why we want the collective bargaining rights for effective workforce .
that is why we want the board certification with labour proceeded .
we certainly do not want such a bill by bill represented as toothless . c-45
there can be a risk that it might not be undertaken by any strike . therefore , stopped
my colleague that i would like to comment on reasoning .
that is assuming that mr. rodriguez is an essential service : parliament .
that is an essential service , says that , for my friend . . is the member parliament : mr. cassidy nickel belt hon assuming
the workings of parliament , are extremely important if not essential .
i believe that people would accept .
but it is essential that the fed on parliament hill in cafeterias be parliamentarians ?
of course , it would .
of course , we were to have the power to legislate , it ultimately be required .
i would hope that that would never be needed .
the comments and questions for the time . ( ) has now terminated : mr. acting speaker paproski
i think we should ask ourselves why . . the motion was presented by my colleague hon
since then , not a word about the middle of the bill until april .
the question is , in the final and not because we can proceed at a brisk pace too too too perilous . important instance contentious
those were the words used by the secretary of state .
i would go along with one of the consultation process . for further
the workers on the hill i consider essential .
whether or not , i do , my friend , the ( ) . centre for ottawa . mr. cassidy does does hon member
i know him to be very respectful of picket lines .
we have to make up our minds in this matter of respect .
can we not have it both ways .
it is an essential service and it should be defined as such .
in , and that it would not have to do with me . i like my definition i use participation here
the book to me that i see is bringing a gentleman .
( ) . an essential service : mr. epp provencher
it is : yes , mr. gauthier .
as we say , is an example here in vivo .
this is an essential service to members of the house it .
however , that does not live up to the house legislation in the billing presented .
as it does not live up to expectations of the board of public servants from the treasury should be forthcoming what my employer .
we need to be in the act of . this change in which there are great because i did find matters
there are matters to be considered as such classification standards .
during the election campaign that would make it the classification standards governing party promised negotiable .
it has now been put on for two years in office and has not even a suggestion that the party forward subject .
i admit it is a complex issue .
i believe that one can use to decide which one is : an image where mr. gauthier . sits de l'organisation l'organigramme dans
many on this matter as it does on other matters it hesitates .
and it staff to come forward with its own public relations service . some modifications to meaningful act reasonable hesitates
they are not happy ? why
i will explain why .
the house bill does not allow employees to strike the right of the c-45 .
it is a right under the labour code which they would enjoy canada .
this is the reason to be covered under the code on the hill . employees want canada labour
they will have to understand what they are right on the hill said that the strike because their essential services . forgo unions
they have been good to us that they are devoted and god knows .
that is the key to the whole issue .
i would add that they are not covered in the public relations staff either service act .
and , in particular , to . ) and clauses ) object 55(2 5(3 nabet psac
) : 5(3 clause states
it is important since the record ) . i will now read into 55(2 clause
why do we place on the table ? not that
during the election campaign that is what the government promised .
it is something which i am in accord with .
i do think that it would not object to new members of the democratic party .
some of these matters give serious thought why not ?
the government of canada . we are now of an era of human resources into the compression of
that is the essential truth .
he said that workers with health and safety legislation which provides important rights including is landmark labour rights bill . hill c-45
the bill , and i think , is to say that labour is legislation to misinform . community landmark ottawa c-45 canadians
and as a matter of fact , because we know that we are covered by employees . it debated bill hill c-24
the comments or questions are : ( ) mr. speaker ? acting paproski
the question is , if there are no comments or questions for the house ready ?
mr. orlikow : no .
nineteen years ago , to protect the rights of the employees of parliament spoke of obligation . stanley knowles parliamentary
collective bargaining rights for all employees he advocated .
he said , according to a recent report by the who has studied this matter has done at some length : jeff following mr. parr
indeed it does not grant them ; this bill restricts rights .
the report said , and he 's also the employee is entitled : mr. parr 's prerogative preserving following
but much of it has been less successful in protecting their employees . employers by abuse from parliament hill
some of those sit right here in parliament . employers
i would like to relate to my own personal feelings about this matter . the house
as i came to an elected member . in this house 1979
i was particularly concerned about the working conditions on the hill of workers .
they do not have any complaints because they are afraid of making protection .
there are no grievance procedures .
the union would not be tolerated in this kind of a lack of respect that staff members had so often . if patriarchal atmosphere appears
it is undemocratic and it is offensive .
the men and women , were locked in on traditional job until recently . hill ghettos
the members of the men and women with a higher rate of pay and the staff were security supervisors were waitresses .
for now , the former governor of the house , speaker of the general who made the changes she is . i congratulate kinds
i am referring to the changes and one step toward greater equality on equal opportunities . employees which hill moved
well , i wish our staff were paid as much better .
some of the change , but there has been that the change has been quite appalling . this demonstrates slowness
it also demonstrates the need for collective bargaining rights for members of parliament and for employees who work for parliament .
it should be a right .
they go along with all the rights and conditions which should have a grievance procedure . proper collective bargaining
i should like to give the two or three examples of hill employees by documented experiences .
but there is quite a long list , which i will mention the ones to female employees . pertain particularly
as a means to resolve the problems of some of the need for collective bargaining rights are issues which types they reinforce workplace .
the administration of an administrative error was made the library than states .
this would not have been allowed to happen if those people had been in a union .
two petitions signed . employees were ignored by 1,500 hill
i should like to refer to the support services . in another example
the object of sexual harassment is a female employee .
behind her and her against her , her manager . rubs up touches leans
she is a poor performance evaluation and later transferred to finally given another position .
i am afraid it would be the most experience to complain about sexual harassment under present employees who sure situation .
it should not be tolerated by all of us workers on the hill by either or .
it is the only way to deal with in a way to have a proper and effective agreement and a union grievance procedure proessional .
i should like to refer to another example .
his hand on the job cuts in services . the employee cafeteria an
he told the nurse is to visit .
it is safe to go home and that he should not work that the nurse tells him .
the work that he should go back to the manager or employee face discipline informs .
what kind of situation is that work ?
this is not the kind of which should be left to chance or whim condition .
let us return to us before bill is which . c-45
there are many , and that is why we do not support it with it problems .
we negotiated collective bargaining rights for support employees .
bill may not realize how government is ineffective . c-45 members
concerns are not open for negotiation . many important
they are not at all on the table .
i should like to refer to some examples of this .
the assignment of duties of any real and bill of prevents negotiation positions . c-45 classification
set limits on what can go to arbitration are third party grievances .
union grievances are not allowed .
if we are talking about what kind of collective bargaining are not allowed union grievances ?
the members of parliament from to , a staff of the collective bargaining are excluded . great omission right
the right to strike is also prohibited .
i heard my colleague speak about essential services .
the code of which have already gone under . this eliminates the negotiations forward and labour kinds canada certifications
they are very disappointed that we have not been implemented .
and in some of the bill on the record for the points i should like to elaborate negative quickly .
i understand that it is a great deal of the source of employee dissatisfaction .
do not have all employees at many job descriptions .
the result is that there are a whole , and is on the level of low morale and frustrated employees insecure .
employees also can result in significant financial losses for improper classification .
the efficient operation of the lack of proper workplace hampers job descriptions .
in canada , and has been under the code can be negotiated . many workplaces labour successfully negotiated classification
we should have the same situation on the hill .
it is not acceptable , and at least there should be covered by a minimum requirement for legislation . bill effectively c-45
in , and want to have a fair and equitable . based upon a system of parliamentary experience staffing service employees say establishing merit length
both have the right to negotiate , and the employees would under labour code . if canada certified classification staffing
it is to act as the bill and the public relations staff to service canada stands labour code . c-45 inferior
not to be addressed by a group of workers , union grievances filed by bill does allow workplace grievances . c-45 problems
several years ago i remember hearing complaints about this .
it is , in the air quality and other environmental problems coming up again . particularly here about building wellington
these can not be subject to a union grievance .
workers are supposed to do what , mr. speaker ?
for years they have been putting up with bad air .
if the bill is the case is that ? what use
it is not to be brought to the third , if no party can take seriously . an employer requirements under item adjudication
for example , a poor performance , not to transfer or demotion can go . appraisal adjudication
can not go to adjudication a grievance .
again , it shows the weakness of this bill .
what about the right to strike ?
i know this is a very controversial issue in the minds of some members of parliament .
do not want to go on strike , i do know that few employees . workers ever parliamentary
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
